Owners, players talk, but nothing resolved Five hours of talks Tuesday brought owners and players no closer to resolving labor disagreements that will lead to a lockout when the collective bargaining agreement ends Sept. 15.
Alcoa to shutter Ohio automotive components plant PITTSBURGH Alcoa said today it will take a seven (m) million dollar charge to close an automotive components plant in Ohio due to overcapacity.
Bryant Defense Wins Ruling In another setback to the prosecution in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, the court maintains ruling that allows information about the accuser's sex life into court.
Fleet Bank to lay off workers Hundreds of branch employees at Fleet Bank, one of the largest banks in Philadelphia and now part of Bank of America, are being laid off Wednesday across the Northeast.
Germany #39;s Schroeder adopts three-year-old Russian girl BERLIN: German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and his wife have adopted a daughter, an official with Schroeder #39;s party said Tuesday. Schroeder and his wife, Doris Schroeder-Koepf, picked up the 3-year-old Russian girl named Victoria several weeks ago from a ...
Apple hints at colorful computer plans Will the company's next PC look like a Christmas tree? A patent filing sheds some light.
HHS spends \$228M on IT programs A preliminary accounting of efforts by the Department of Health and Human Services shows that the agency has about 19 major health information technology initiatives, totaling about \$228 million.
U.S. Advertisers Go Digital to Track Ads NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top marketers are going digital to track the delivery of commercials into U.S. homes with a system some advocates say will revolutionize advertising the way product codes changed the selling of sliced bread.
Cox directors look at proposed buyout Cox Communications Inc. is a step closer to going private, with the cable giant #39;s board of directors forming a special committee of independent directors to consider the Cox Enterprises Inc. proposal to take the company private in a \$7.9 billion buyout.
Report: Michael Jackson Not 'Manhandled' LOS ANGELES - The state attorney general's office has concluded that Michael Jackson was not "manhandled" by sheriff's deputies who took him into custody last year on child molestation charges, CBS News reported Sunday. The findings were contained in a three-page letter Martin A...
Iraq Delegates Say Sadr Agrees to End Najaf Crisis BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said Wednesday that radical Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had agreed to demands to end an uprising in the holy city of Najaf.
Insecurity: (Or Why Americans Aren't Feeling The Recovery) The New Republic's website is currently carrying an interesting piece which tries to explain the anomaly that although the US economy is growing, a lot of its citizens are still feeling worse off. The article explains the results of a 40 year panel study which has shown that although mean incomes have increased, income variability has increased massively, causing many Americans to feel less well off, despite the growing economy.
Cradle roll design ; St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1922
Bronze is golden to Methuen's Pedro Standing in the snow at a medal celebration at the 2002 Winter Games at Salt Lake City, Jimmy Pedro had a sudden inspiration. He took out his cellphone and called his wife, Marie, back in Methuen, Mass.
Science creates 'own mavericks' Britain's scientific community fuels controversies by shunning colleagues with rebel ideas, research suggests.
Mini Could Get Mighty with Speakers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - iPod mini users might want to consider ditching their earphones if Altec Lansing's iMmini speaker system lives up to its promise. Based on the same technology and engineering as the original inMotion system, the iMmini can be folded into a convenient carrying shape.
Delta CEO presents long-awaited plan to board CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein presented his long-awaited plan for the airline #39;s future to board members on Wednesday, a strategy that could determine whether the struggling carrier ...
Crude Oil Prices Surge Again Crude oil prices surged again Wednesday, rising above \$47 a barrel amid lingering concerns in supply from Iraq and Russia.
Google slashes target stock launch value (AFP) AFP - Internet research engine giant Google Incorporated slashed billions of dollars from the target launch valuation of its stock in a major upset for the biggest technology flotation since the dot.com bubble burst four years ago.
Hurricane Victims Wait for Food and Water PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Driven from splintered trailers, roofless condos and powerless suburban homes, Hurricane Charley's hungry victims sweated through long lines Monday to find food, showers and drinking water three days after the storm left their lives in shambles...
Sprinters Withdraw from Olympics Amid Swirling Controversies Two of Greeks most adored athletes have pulled themselves out of their host country #39;s Olympics. Sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou missed an International Olympic Committee mandatory drug test last week. Thanou and Kenteris were then involved ...
Cantor Fitzgerald to Split Off Voice-Broking Unit (Update5) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Cantor Fitzgerald LP, one of the two largest Treasury bond brokers, will split off its original business of person-to-person sales to focus on more profitable activities such as institutional equity sales and trading.
Soldier dies as British troops clash with Sadr #39;s Basra army A BRITISH soldier was killed and at least one other injured during a fierce firefight with militia fighters in the southern Iraqi city of Basra yesterday.
Terrified neighbours see dog kill owner A 39-year-old woman was savaged to death by her pet bull mastiff dog yesterday. Terrified elderly neighbours could only look on as the fatal attack, which started inside Carol Leeanne Taylor #39;s home in the Dunedin suburb of Caversham, spilled on to the ...
Technology company sues five ex-employees A Marlborough-based technology company is suing five former employees, including three senior managers, for allegedly conspiring against their employer while working on opening a competing business.
Jail for Olympic pool jump ATHENS (Reuters) - A Canadian man advertising an online gaming site, who broke security and jumped into the Olympic diving pool, has been given a five-month prison term for trespassing and disturbing public order, court officials say.
Playing the convergence game Sony and Microsoft confront consumer apathy as they attempt to turn game consoles into multipurpose entertainment gadgets.
Google Slashes IPO's Size NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the size of its closely watched initial public offering nearly in half to less than \$2 billion on Wednesday, splashing cold water on what has been touted as the hottest Internet IPO in years.
Bedrock in Mars' Gusev Crater Hints at Watery Past Now that NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit is finally examining bedrock in the "Columbia Hills," it is finding evidence that water thoroughly altered some rocks in Mars' Gusev Crater.
No Need for OPEC to Pump More-Iran Gov TEHRAN (Reuters) - OPEC can do nothing to douse scorching oil prices when markets are already oversupplied by 2.8 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, Iran's OPEC governor said Saturday, warning that prices could fall sharply.
Nvidia to work on PlayStation 3 chip Graphics chip leader Nvidia announced Tuesday that it is working with Sony to develop the graphics processor for the next version of Sony #39;s PlayStation video game console.
Briefly: Macromedia offers Flash video tool roundup Plus: UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract...Microsoft tightens Windows-mainframes link...Red Hat names new services executive.
Broadband offers magical journey A 'magic carpet' to take children around the world is one of the projects that has won a community net award.
HP's Unix base offered Opteron carrot &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Come for a stroll in the Sun
Journalist, Translator Missing in Iraq (AP) AP - A French-American journalist has disappeared along with his Iraqi translator in the southern Iraqi city of Nasiriyah, the provincial deputy governor said Monday.
US prices in surprise July slide US consumer prices fell by 0.1 in July, the first fall this year, reducing the chances of a September interest rate rise.
Ride This Gem Amusement park operators have produced volatile results, but this company has stood the test of time.
Lojack makes Canada move with Boomerang buy The Westwood company is spending \$48 million to acquire Boomerang Tracking Inc., a Montreal company that operates a stolen car recovery system in Canada.
Riot in Salvadoran jail leaves 20 dead, 30 injured MEXICO CITY, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A bloody riot Wednesday in the La Esperanza Jail, in Mariona, in the outskirts of San Salvador, left a toll of at least 20 dead and another 30 injured.
Google IPO Set to Trade this Week On Monday, Google requested final approval from federal regulators to begin trading their stock. Google has asked that the SEC declare its registration statement effective as of 1 pm pacific time today. Google ...
During the month of August , 1862 , the following work was performed : " Fabricated : one pair of musket bullet moulds ; 10 @,@ 000 buck & ball shot cartridges ; repaired : 750 muskets , shotguns , and rifles ; received and repaired : ordnance stores and ordnances ; performed : guard , office , and police duties ; inspected : Posts at Camden and Arkadelphia . "
Web Surfers Hit Higher Speeds A majority of US home Internet users now have broadband, according to a survey by NetRatings. While the total number of home Internet users has reached a plateau in the US, those who do use the Internet are adopting broadband at a rapid pace, according to ...
Eight men face terror charges Police in the UK charge eight men with terror offences, including conspiracy to murder.
Apple puts edit tools in one basket Bundle of professional video editing applications includes new Motion special-effects software.
Typhoon Megi claims six lives Heavy rains from Typhoon Megi pounded Shikoku island in western Japan, killing at least six people, the Mainichi Shimbus reported Wednesday.
Halliburton: Army to Give Company More Time to Resolve Billing Dispute Halliburton said Monday the U.S. Army had decided to give the company more time to resolve a billing dispute before withholding payment of up to 15 percent of the company's bills in Iraq and Kuwait.
N Korea food prices 'rocket' Changes in North Korea's economy have led to spiralling food prices many people cannot afford, the UN says.
Bush, Kerry Press for Women's Votes (AP) AP - Elizabeth Burnosky is a registered Democrat who voted for President Bush in 2000, opposes his policy on Iraq and calls Sen. John Kerry "a little wussy boy." Call her conflicted.
SA soldiers 'robbed immigrants' Five soldiers appear in court in South Africa accused of robbing Zimbabwean deportees.
Aurora Woman Sues Costco Over Discrimination Claims SAN FRANCISCO -- A Colorado assistant store manager at Costco has filed a federal lawsuit, alleging she was passed over for a promotion because she is a woman.
Briefly: Vonage users dial 311 for city info roundup Plus: Mozilla makes Japanese push...Macromedia offers Flash video tool...UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract.
Tired of post-9/11 hassles, Arab tourists head east Saudi visitors to Malaysia were up 53 percent in 2004.
Microsoft wants Web designers to use content tagging Microsoft is urging Web designers to take more responsibility for content filtering, after forming a partnership with ICRA (the Internet Content Rating Association).
Sharon Rebuffed by Party, as Arafat Admits Making Mistakes AMALLAH, West Bank, Aug. 18 - The leaders of Israel and the Palestinians faced deep dissension in their constituencies on Wednesday, with Yasir Arafat making a rare admission of personal error to those seeking change, and Ariel Sharon ...
On one day during his treatments , as his wife was wheeling him down a hospital corridor , Cullen went into cardiac arrest , requiring doctors to use a defibrillator to revive him . He underwent a bone marrow transplant that briefly reduced his immune system to the point that he could have very little human contact . Another examination in April 1998 revealed that the cancer was finally gone , and Cullen immediately began training for a comeback .
Typhoon Megi hits South Korea More than 2,400 people are evacuated as Typhoon Megi lashes the southern shores of South Korea.
Giants to Start Manning Against Carolina (AP) AP - Eli Manning is going to get a chance to open the season as the New York Giants' starting quarterback.
Cullen was born in Puslinch @-@ Ontario on August 2 , 1964 . He is one of six children of Barry and Loretta Cullen . His father and uncles Brian and Ray all played in the NHL , and while Cullen and his three brothers all played as well , their father never pressured them , preferring that they enjoy the game .
Executive Compensation Post staff writer David Hilzenrath and editor Mike Flagg discuss which local executives have the sweetest deals.
4 killed, 2 missing as Typhoon Megi hits western Japan TOKYO, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Four people were killed and two others missing as Typhoon Megi hit west Japan #39;s Kagawa and Ehime prefectures on Wednesday, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.
Apple Ships Motion Apple has begun shipping Motion, which delivers high-performance, real-time motion graphics design and integration with Final Cut Pro HD and DVD Studio Pro 3, at a breakthrough price of \$299. Aug 10
Ginobili gives Argentina big lift at the buzzer Manu Ginobili's off-balance shot left his hand just a split-second before the final buzzer, dropping through the basket to give Argentina an 83-82 victory over Serbia-Montenegro yesterday on the first day of Olympic men's basketball in Athens.
Consideration was given to including the gold dollar as an authorized denomination in the revisionary legislation that became the Mint Act of 1837 . The Philadelphia newspaper Public Ledger , in December 1836 , supported a gold dollar , stating that " the dollar is the smallest gold coin that would be convenient , and as it would be eminently so , neither silver nor paper should be allowed to take its place . " Nevertheless , after Mint Director Patterson appeared before a congressional committee , the provision authorizing the gold dollar was deleted from the bill .
Mozilla Sparks New Fire with Thunderbird E-Mail Client Thunderbird is touting its new features, like RSS news and blog reader integration into its e-mail client. Users can scan and sort through hundreds of headlines.
Egypt announces 'breakthrough' on Mideast peace (AFP) AFP - Key players in the search for Middle East peace have reached understanding on a plan that could lead to a comprehensive settlement.
Voyager 1, Prepare for Action At the outer limits of our solar system, a solar shock wave is about to overtake NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft.
Dollar Up a Bit Against Europe Currencies NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was a little stronger against the main European currencies but weaker against the yen on Wednesday, with the Japanese currency rallying across the board as dealers adjusted positions.
Manning Gets Early Go-Ahead to Start Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on Carolina.
Iraq Cleric Agrees to End Uprising, Demands Truce NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a Shi'ite uprising agreed Wednesday to disarm his militia and leave one of the country's holiest Islamic shrines, but only after a truce with encircling U.S. Marines.
Assam strike over rebel attacks A general strike called by students in the state to protest against rebel bombings brings life to a standstill.
SI.com LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Wilson Alvarez continues to pitch his best when the Los Angeles Dodgers need it most.
Slaves' descendants should get tax exemption: US Senate hopeful (AFP) AFP - American descendants of African slaves should be exempted from US federal taxes for a generation or two to compensate them for the state-sanctioned exploitation of their ancestors, an aspiring US Senate hopeful declared.
Speed Up Saddam's Trial, Allawi Tells Court (Reuters) Reuters - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi\urged an Iraqi court Monday to speed up proceedings against\toppled leader Saddam Hussein and his close aides.
Rwandan troops arrive in Darfur as president vows force to protect civilians (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Dozens of Rwandan soldiers arrived in Sudan's troubled Darfur region Sunday, the first foreign armed force deployed in the area since Arab militiamen began a rampage against black African farmers, killing thousands.
Crypto researchers abuzz over flaws ZDNet UK: Encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses.
Charles to help flood victims THE Prince of Wales toured the flood-hit village of Boscastle yesterday - and pledged to make a quot;substantial quot; donation to those facing a massive clean-up operation.
IBM: Do We Have a Deal? China #39;s biggest computer maker said it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure that comes amid reports it might buy IBM #39;s personal computer business.
Europe and US in aircraft aid row The European Commission and President George Bush are in a war of words over subsidies given to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing.
Lowe's Net Income Up 18 Percent ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's second largest home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18 percent increase in second-quarter net income and said earnings for the rest of the year would top analysts' estimates.
Dino-Size Spurt: T. Rex Teens Gained 5 Pounds a Day New analysis of fossil bones indicates that adolescent &lt;i&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/i&gt; dinosaurs grew extremely rapidly, quickly reaching gigantic size.
Kalu out for the year with torn ACL Defensive end ND Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during in Tuesday #39;s practice.
Retiring GOP Rep.: Iraq War Unjustified (AP) AP - A top Republican congressman has broken from his party in the final days of his House career, saying he believes the U.S. military assault on Iraq was unjustified and the situation there has deteriorated into "a dangerous, costly mess."
Kmart: Retail or Real Estate? Lately, the company's retail operation has been lagging behind sales of its locations.
Knocking on Heaven's Door The Milky Way is a vast, diverse neighborhood. If you're hoping to find Earthlike planets that may harbor life, you'll need to narrow the search. Stars are a good place to start, because the dusty discs around stars spawn young planets.
Al-Sadr agrees to peace plan BAGHDAD, Iraq - Radical Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, whose militia has been fighting American and Iraqi forces for almost two weeks in Najaf, agreed Wednesday to a peace plan proposed by an Iraqi national ...
Cassini Spacecraft Discovers 2 More Moons Around Saturn The planet with the second largest number of moons now has two more. The US Cassini spacecraft discovered them around Saturn, bringing the giant ringed planet #39;s known total to 33.
Windows XP Security Update Delayed (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.
Floridians Return to Storm-Ravaged Homes PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - After getting a first look at the widespread damage left behind by Hurricane Charley, Florida residents were faced with the arduous task of sorting through the wreckage, and for some, starting over again...
Germany #39;s Schroeder confirms adopting Russian toddler German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder confirmed on Wednesday that he and his wife have adopted a child, reported to be a girl from a Russian orphanage, but has called on the media to respect his family #39;s privacy.
Economies Not Yet Dented by Oil Prices LONDON (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers and Chancellor Schroeder of Germany, which is a prominent consumer, agree that the remorseless rise in the price of crude has so far had little impact on global economic growth.
Athens Wrestles to Avoid Cell Phone Outages By MATT MOORE ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Amid the roar of the crowd, the silence of the phones can be deafening. As thousands of athletes, spectators, journalists, officials and more descend on the Greek capital ahead of the Aug...
Google Cuts IPO Price Range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95 per share from \$108 to \$135 per share.
Researcher Finds Flaws in XP SP2 German research firm Heise Security has issued an advisory for a pair of security flaws in Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) recently shipped Windows XP Service Pack 2 with a warning that attackers could launch malicious files from an untrusted zone.
Google IPO document not declared WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission has not declared effective Google #39;s registration statement for its multibillion-dollar initial public offering by the close of the agency #39;s business day on Tuesday, an SEC official says.
U.S. Crude Sets New Record #36;47 a Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil futures set a new record #36;47.01\a barrel on Wednesday after a new threat against Iraq's oil\sector by rebel Shi'ite militia. U.S. crude traded up 26 cents\to set a new high in the 21-year history of the New York\Mercantile Exchange contract.
(CNN) -- The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom cited several examples in a recent report of abuse toward Christians in Iraq. Iraqis rush to a car bomb explosion at a Christian church in Kirkuk in January.
New PC Is Created Just for Teenagers This isn't your typical, humdrum, slate-colored computer. Not only is the PC known as the hip-e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in fuzzy pink fur. Or a leopard skin design. Or a graffiti-themed pattern.
Profit Takers Ambush Treasuries NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries turned tail on Wednesday as recent hefty gains attracted a wave of profit-taking in an otherwise featureless market.
Rowling reads to gathered fans Harry Potter author JK Rowling delights a small group of fans by giving her first public reading in Scotland for four years.
Bomb Found in Town Near Berlusconi Villa ROME -- Police defused a bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime Minister Tony Blair finished a visit there with the Italian leader.
Intel Delays Launch of New Projection TV Chip By MATTHEW FORDAHL SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- In another product postponement, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. (INTC) said it won't be offering a chip for projection TVs by the end of 2004 as it had announced earlier this year...
Home Depot Profit Tops Estimates on Sales ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported a 19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, topping estimates, as technology upgrades and other store improvements helped boost sales.
Iraq Cleric Agrees End Uprising, Fighting Continues NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a Shi'ite uprising agreed Wednesday to disarm his militia and leave one of the country's holiest Islamic shrines after warnings of an onslaught by government forces.
This Date in Baseball - Aug. 17 (AP) AP - 1904 #151; Jesse Tannehill of the Boston Red Sox pitched a no-hitter, beating the Chicago White Sox 6-0.
LBs are built from ground up For Bill Belichick, it isn't a preference. In his mind, turning NCAA defensive ends into NFL linebackers is practically a necessity.
Bush Vows Rapid Aid to Hurricane Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...
Experts Downplay Texas Shark Attacks (AP) AP - Three shark attacks off the Texas coast in the past two months are unusual but don't mean there are more sharks than normal along the beach or that they are getting bolder, marine biologists and other experts say.
HHS Buys 'Experimental' Glaxo Flu Vaccine WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. health officials on Tuesday approved the importation of up to 4 million doses of influenza vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GSK.N&lt;/A&gt;, bringing the U.S. total to 65 million vaccines for this flu season.
Catching 'phishers' a WholeSecurity sport Tool that identifies sites pretending to be connected to banks, eBay and more could help leave "phishing" scammers dead in the water.
Applied Materials Takes on Metron Applied Materials (Quote, Chart) said it filled a major gap in its services portfolio with its acquisition of Metron Technology (Quote, Chart).
Murdoch #39;to relaunch News deal #39; if loses poll SYDNEY - Media mogul Rupert Murdoch said in a Thursday newspaper interview he would take a second stab at uprooting his News Corp Ltd empire from Australia to the United States if investors block the deal first time around.
Egyptian gods were involved in human lives as well as in the overarching order of nature . This divine influence applied mainly to Egypt , as foreign peoples were traditionally believed to be outside the divine order . But in the New Kingdom , when other nations were under Egyptian control , foreigners were said to be under the sun god 's benign rule in the same way that Egyptians were .
U.S. Barred From Weakening Dolphin Rules (AP) AP - In a victory for environmentalists, a federal judge ruled Tuesday that the Bush administration cannot change the standards commercial fisheries must meet before the tuna they catch can carry the "dolphin-safe" label.
Deadline Looms for Suspects in UK Anti-Terrorism Raids LONDON (Reuters) - British police must charge or release on Tuesday nine men arrested earlier this month in anti-terrorism raids that followed a tipoff from an al Qaeda suspect in Pakistan and security alerts in the United States.
Before-the-Bell: Taser Climbs (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Taser International Inc.\(TASR.O) rose before the bell on Wednesday after the company\said it had received five orders totaling more than #36;741,000\for its stun guns.
Google Lowers IPO Price, Limits Shares Google Lowers IPO Price, Limits Shares\\Google's IPO wasn't as popular as expected, apparently not as many fish bit at the Dutch Auction bait. Google will be lowering its estimated price range to between \$85 and \$95 per share, down from its earlier prediction of \$108 and \$135 per share ...
Europe's Eel Population Collapsing (AP) AP - When a poacher with a baseball bat mugged Willem Dekker for his baby eels, it was further confirmation for the Dutch biologist that the species is in trouble.
Buffy the Censor Slayer &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Readers drive stake through parents' group
Pakistan publishes photos of six suspects wanted in terror ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (AP) Pakistan published photos Wednesday in newspapers across the country of six terror suspects including a senior al-Qaeda operative it says were behind attempts to assassinate the nation #39;s president and offered a large ...
Google, Set for Offering, Cuts Share Price by About a Quarter Google cut its price range to between \$85 and \$95 a share, down from \$108 to \$135, valuing the company at as much as \$25.8 billion.
Kerry King – lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals
Qualcomm drops licensing suit against TI LOS ANGELES (Reuters) Qualcomm has dropped an \$18 million claim for monetary damages from rival Texas Instruments for publicly discussing terms of a licensing pact, a TI spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday.
Health Highlights: Aug. 18, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay: ----- Greek Athletes Who Missed Drug Test Quit Games The two Greek athletes who missed a drug test on Aug. 12 have withdrawn from the Olympic Games...
Court Rejects Yukos' Plea on Tax Bill A Russian court today rejected the beleaguered oil company's appeal to suspend government efforts to collect \$3.4 billion in back taxes.
Google Sets Date for IPO Google Inc. (GOOG) will close the registration process for its IPO auction Thursday, setting the stage for the online search engine leader's hotly anticipated stock market debut. Google plans to launch an unusual auction to sell 25.7 million shares shortly after closing the registration.
Broadband goes broader Early Internet entrepreneurs envisioned a day when consumers would devour short bites of entertainment on their computer screens delivered over the Internet by fat broadband pipes. When the companies failed, executives blamed it on ...
Ky. Professor Looks to Set Up Telescope (AP) AP - A University of Kentucky professor is pushing to set up a telescope in Australia that students could use via the Internet.
Twins Collect Rare Victory Over Yankees (AP) AP - Brad Radke pitched seven solid innings, Corey Koskie drove in three runs and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in the regular season for the first time since 2001 with an 8-2 victory Tuesday night.
I #39;m innocent, says Greek Olympic champion Kenteris Olympic champion Kostas Kenteris, who is likely to be expelled from the Olympics for missing a doping test, said Tuesday that he is not a drugs cheat.
Intel Says It's Recovered from Missteps (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp. will miss\its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely\publicized string of product delays and problems, but those\missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip\maker said on Tuesday.
The family of four was moderately well off , and belonged to the lower end of the upper middle class . A nanny , a governess , and a cook to prepare special meals for Barker were hired . She spent much time in bed at home amusing herself with painting books and a nursery library that included the works of Kate Greenaway and Randolph Caldecott – two artists who exerted strong influences on her later art .
Sony zooms in with new TV tech Electronics giant develops new television technology to attack core business from a new angle.
WR Berkley Sees Hurricane Losses Insurance holding company WR Berkley Corp. said Tuesday that it does not expect its losses from damage caused by Hurricane Charley last week to exceed \$5 million.
Barker was born the second daughter and youngest child of Walter Barker , a partner in a seed supply company and an amateur artist , and his wife Mary Eleanor ( Oswald ) Barker on 28 June 1895 at home at 66 Waddon Road in Croydon , Surrey , England . Barker was an epileptic as a child , and cared for at home by her parents . Later , her sister and elder by two years , Dorothy Oswald Barker , continued the care .
Bank of America signs in They served up a giant Bank of America sheet cake, festooned the bank branch with balloons, and dispatched smiling greeters to welcome customers in upstate New York yesterday, as the first FleetBoston Financial Corp. branches formally switched to Bank of America.
Japanese youths' rage fuels wave of violent crime SASEBO, Japan -- On a cloudless afternoon in this sleepy port city, an 11-year-old girl drenched in blood and clutching a box cutter walked into the lunchroom at her elementary school. Teachers and students froze, assuming the sixth-grader known for her lighthearted nature had gravely hurt herself -- but she quickly dispelled that impression, witnesses said, by uttering a few ...
Paradoxically, African Railroad Keeps Habitat Intact Normally, transportation routes through wilderness are frowned on by conservationists. But a newly restored railroad in Madagascar is persuading locals not to slash and burn the surrounding landscape.
Ford Sued in Defective Door Latch Claim DETROIT (Reuters) - A Canadian law firm on Tuesday said it had filed a lawsuit against Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; over what it claims are defective door latches on about 400,000 of the automaker's popular pickup trucks and SUVs.
Nigerian senate to rule on Darfur troop deployment ABUJA, Aug 18 (AFP) -- The Nigerian senate said on Wednesday it would ask its defence committee to consider a request by President Olusegun Obasanjo for permission to deploy some 1,500 peacekeepers to Sudan #39;s war-torn Darfur region.
Intel delays delivery of chip for projection TVs - report BEIJING (AFX-ASIA) - Intel Corp said it is delaying the delivery of its first chip for projection television sets, while rival Advanced Micro Devices Inc is moving on schedule to an advanced manufacturing process, the Wall Street Journal reported.
First Lady Bashes John Kerry's Pro Stem Cell Stance By RON FOURNIER LANGHORNE, Pa. (AP) -- First lady Laura Bush defended her husband's policy on embryonic stem cell research Monday, calling Democratic rival John Kerry's criticism "ridiculous" and accusing proponents of overstating the potential for medical breakthroughs...
SEC seeks to update stock sale rules BEIJING, Aug.18 (Xinhuanet) -- The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) may revise its rules on initial stock offerings to modernize 1930s-era guidelines, agency commissioners and staff said.
Women Employees Sue Costco Women employees of Costco Wholesale Corp. filed a sex discrimination class action suit today, alleging that the giant retailer imposes a glass ceiling that prevents women from reaching the top and keeps them in lower paid positions.
Internet pharmacies get go-ahead The government gives the green-light to internet-only pharmacies in England.
Microsoft's blast from the past A year after the MSBlast worm, the software giant releases SP2 for Windows XP. Would it have stopped the fast-spreading virus?
Google Says IPO Auction Has Closed NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. said on Wednesday that the auction has closed for its initial public offering.
US sweeps away slide in volleyball The United States had lost nine straight Olympic matches, dating to the Atlanta Games in 1996. Clay Stanley made sure it didn't continue.
Clouds dash Perseids show The annual Perseid meteor shower could provide a "spectacular" show, despite a disappointing start.
Lenovo, IBM may soon reveal PC unit deal DECEMBER 07, 2004 (REUTERS) - China #39;s largest PC maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., could announce as early as today that it is buying control of IBM #39;s PC-making business for up to \$2 billion, a source familiar with the situation said.
More hospital tests for Latham OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham is undergoing further tests at Sydney #39;s St Vincent #39;s Hospital after being diagnosed with pancreatitis.
Redesigning Rockets: NASA Space Propulsion Finds a New Home (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - While the exploration of the Moon and other planets in our solar system is nbsp;exciting, the first task for astronauts and robots alike is to actually nbsp;get to those destinations.
Growth and Mortality Details of T. Rex Get Clearer T. rex was one of the largest meat-eaters ever to walk the land when it died out some 65 million years ago. At an elephant-like 6 tons, it stretched about 40 feet to 45 feet long and measured about 13 feet tall at the hip. The adult skull alone was 5 feet long, with teeth up to a foot long.
Major Rathore is a perfectionist to the core A man of words, commitment and warmth. Rajyvardhan Singh Rathore combines all these qualities. And he, of course, is one of the most talented shooters of recent times.
The military force at Little Rock under Dunnington 's command consisted of four officers : himself , Major John B. Lockman , Captain C.C. Green , and 2nd Lt. W.W. Murphy . In addition to these , he had 20 enlisted men and a civilian force composed of a foreman , 2 clerks , 3 gunsmiths for repairing small arms , a laboratorian , 26 laborers in the ammunition laboratory , and a carpenter for making packing boxes .
Australian City Agency Switches to Sun's StarOffice (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In another blow to Microsoft, a government agency in New South Wales, Australia, signs a deal with Sun to migrate 1,500 users to the company's StarOffice productivity suite and Messaging products.
Woods' Top Ranking on Line at NEC Invite (AP) AP - Tiger Woods already lost out on the majors. Next up could be his No. 1 ranking.
July Consumer Prices Drop, Energy Tumbles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in energy costs reversed, the government said on Tuesday in a report showing underlying inflation pressures largely in check.
Profit climbs at Talbots womenswear chain, helped by tax gain HINGHAM, Mass. (AP) - Talbots Inc. said Wednesday its profit for the latest quarter edged up five per cent, boosted by higher sales and an income-tax gain.
Games Business Needs Mergers, Price Cuts-Report LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game executives believe consolidation will be crucial to their future, but they also want further cuts to hardware prices to boost short-term growth, according to a report set for release this week.
Athletics' Homers Crush Orioles 11-0 (AP) AP - Tim Hudson pitched a five-hitter to earn his first victory since June 11, and Scott Hatteberg's second grand slam of the season highlighted a four-homer attack that carried the Oakland Athletics past the Baltimore Orioles 11-0 Tuesday night.
Shot putters return to ancient site of first Games OLYMPIA, GREECE - It was a day when the actors took a back seat to the scenery, when the question of who won and who took part was not as significant as where they competed.
Mills to pay GM unit \$1 bln for stakes in 9 malls NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Mills Corp. (MLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a real estate investment trust, on Tuesday said it agreed to buy a 50 percent managing stake in nine regional malls from General Motors Corp. #39;s (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) ...
Bomb found near Berlusconi villa POLICE defused a bomb near Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia early today following a tip-off from a radical leftist group, shortly after a visit by British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Beckham: #39;England needed this boost #39; David Beckham admitted England needed to prove a point by beating Ukraine in Wednesday night #39;s friendly at St James #39; Park.
Traders Bet Oracle Wins in Antitrust Case CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Options traders have been building bullish positions in PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; as investors bet a federal judge will approve Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid of the business software maker, traders said on Monday.
Donkey cart beats out Porsche in Portuguese road race (AFP) AFP - A donkey cart beat a Porsche in a race held in a northern Portuguese city over the weekend to see which mode of transportation could best handle car congestion.
Chirac and Schroeder to meet with Putin MOSCOW, Aug 18 (AFP) - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and French President Jacques Chirac will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin at his Black Sea resort residence at the end of the month, Interfax quoted the top Kremlin spokesman as saying ...
Stability of the ylide with higher stability similarly leading to greater reversibility .
Japan Stocks Fall on Oil Worries TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average fell 0.59 percent by midday on Wednesday, erasing initial gains, as exporters like Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. declined on concern over the possible impact on the global economy of surging oil prices.
Briefly: Sprint to bake in BlackBerry roundup Plus: Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million...Bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million.
PA minister: Barghouti will drop candidancy Palestinian Authority Minister of State Kadoura Fares said on Tuesday that jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti may abandon his plan to run in the January 9 lection for the presidency of the PA.
WholeSecurity program targets fraud sites Tool that identifies Web sites pretending to be connected to banks, eBay, etc., could help leave phishing scammers dead in the water.
Najaf clashes as truce talks fail Fighting resumes in the Iraqi city of Najaf between US troops and Shia militias after an abortive peace bid.
Losses and Lessons for Bush and Kerry (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - They lost at politics at an early age. Since then, they've rarely made the same campaign mistakes twice.
Blue Jays hope to go places with Gibbons From Montana to Maine, Puerto Rico to Canada, John Gibbons tagged along wherever the military deemed his father should live. The constant travel gave him a taste of the nomadic life of a baseball manager, his future profession. It also gave him an accent all his own, a Texas twang inflected with tinges of New England.
Iran Threatens Israel on Nuclear Reactor (AP) AP - Accompanied by a warning that its missiles have the range, Iran on Tuesday said it would destroy Israel's Dimona nuclear reactor if the Jewish state were to attack Iran's nuclear facilities.
Stocks Gain as Oil Prices Ease NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Monday as oil prices dipped after reports of victory for the Venezuelan president in a referendum on his rule eased fears about the country's oil exports.
Fake Drug Sales Problematic in Mexico By MARK STEVENSON MEXICO CITY (AP) -- Mexican authorities are investigating the sale of fake or substandard medicine in a border town so popular among Americans seeking cheap medications that it has more pharmacies than streets. U.S...
Al-Sadr OKs Plan to End Fighting in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr accepted a peace plan Wednesday for Najaf that would disarm his militiamen and remove them from a holy shrine where they are hiding out, according to a spokesman. However, Al-Sadr wanted to negotiate how the deal would be implemented...
Second hat in ring for faster Wi-Fi standard A second consortium puts in a bid for the faster 802.11n spec. But don't expect a battle over formats.
Google, Yahoo Settle Patent and Share Disputes Google and Yahoo announced today that they have resolved two contentious issues between the companies.
Squaddie Is Killed In Gun Battle A BRITISH soldier was killed and another seriously injured in clashes with Iraqi rebel gunmen in Basra yesterday.
N.Y. Orders Power Plants to Cut Emissions (AP) AP - Citing what they called a public health emergency, New York officials on Tuesday ordered power plants to reduce emissions blamed for acid rain.
Refinancings soar 21 as rates slump Demand for new home loans and refinancings jump as interest rates slide amid weak economic reports. NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for US home loans rose last week while refinancings surged, as 30-year mortgage interest rates fell to their lowest ...
Wilkinson to raise the bar Sir Clive Woodward yesterday joined the chorus of acclaim that greeted Jonny Wilkinson #39;s return to action on Tuesday night after eight months on the sidelines with a neck injury.
Darfur Displaced Return to 'Live in Fear' of Militia (Reuters) Reuters - Villagers returning to their\homes in Sudan's Darfur region are living in fear of the Arab\militiamen who initially drove them away, the United Nations\said in a report received by Reuters Monday.
U.S. Gymnasts End Rebuilding With Silver (AP) AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand.
Philo is in the know Normally, there are few sure things in golf, but here's something we can be certain of: The lads in today's final pairing at the 84th New England PGA Championship at Brae Burn Country Club will not require introductions.
IMF gives Jamaica thumbs up The International Monetary Fund has praised the Jamaican government for stabilizing the country's economy.
Canada must help raise profile of development issues in Africa: Goodale (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada intends to return to the forefront on African development issues, beginning with a renewed effort at helping the troubled continent grow out of poverty, says Finance Minister Ralph Goodale.
On the morning of 7 November 1920 , Zrínyi was decommissioned . USS Chattanooga took her in tow and , assisted by Brooks and Hovey , towed the battleship to Italy . Under the terms of the treaties of Versailles and St. Germain , Zrínyi was ultimately turned over to the Italian government at Venice . She was broken up for scrap later that year and into 1921 .
Securing the gold in Athens Despite age-old Olympic truce known as the ekecheiria, or "holding of hands," security experts aren't taking any chances.\
Puerto Rico Stuns U.S. in Opening Round Puerto Rico upsets the United States, 92-73, at the men's basketball preliminaries on Sunday, the first loss at the Games for the three-time defending gold medalists since 1988.
More Video Options The Olympic Games in Athens are pushing many people to finally buy that plasma or LCD television that they #39;ve been dreaming about. Also, the time difference between Japan and Greece is helping sales of video recorders, particularly those that use hard ...
Newest Ad-Aware Exposes Some Users Earliest adopters of updated program should download again to ensure full security.
Although the Egyptians believed their gods to be present in the world around them , contact between the human and divine realms was mostly limited to specific circumstances . In literature , gods may appear to humans in a physical form , but in real life the Egyptians were limited to more indirect means of communication .
China Hints U.S. Must Return Guantanamo Separatists BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing has hinted that if the United States releases any Guantanamo Bay detainees from its restive Muslim far west Xinjiang region, they should be handed over to Beijing and not sent to a third country.
Energy from waves teenager wins science award A teenager from the San Diego, California area has won The Siemens Westinghouse Competition in Math, Science and Technology for his quot;Gyro-Gen, quot; a machine that produces electricity from ocean waves.
Medtronic Quarterly Net Up (Reuters) Reuters - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N) on Wednesday\said its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices\that manage irregular heart beats and products used to treat\the spine.
GameBoy mini-games win prize A set of GameBoy micro-games is named as the most innovative game of the year at a festival in Scotland.
Radical Shiite Cleric #39;Accepts Peace Plan #39; If the agreement is fulfilled and al-Sadr has made contradictory statements in the past it would resolve a crisis that had angered many of Iraq #39;s majority Shiites and threatened to undermine the fledgling interim government of Prime Minister ...
NASA Identifies Foam Flaw That Killed Astronauts (Reuters) Reuters - The foam that struck the space\shuttle Columbia after liftoff and led to the deaths of all\seven astronauts on board was defective, NASA said on Friday.
Arsenal Beats Everton to Extend Streak (AP) AP - Arsenal opened its defense of its English title with a 4-1 win at Everton on Sunday, making it 41 straight games without a loss in the Premier League.
Malaysia's Sea Turtles Are in Trouble (AP) AP - Several species of sea turtles in Malaysia could vanish in a few years, largely due to illegal poaching of the creatures and their eggs, scientists warned on Wednesday.
wheat (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Field trials of genetically modified wheat are still being conducted in Canada by multinational biotech giant Monsanto despite a pledge earlier this year that the testing would be abandoned, critics said Tuesday.
China Tests New Guided Missile Amid Taiwan Tensions BEIJING (Reuters) - China has successfully tested a new guided missile it says is highly accurate, state media said on Tuesday amid rising tensions with arch-rival Taiwan.
Arafat admits 'mistakes' to MPs Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat makes a rare admission that "unacceptable mistakes" have been made under him.
Car-Tracking Device Trades Privacy for Dollars (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: A device using GSM/GPS wireless that reports your car's wherabouts #151;which is in pilot testing for a British insurance company #151;is the latest example of a technology marvel that brings a serious loss of privacy.
SEC Bars Mutual Fund Payoffs to Brokers WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission pushed ahead on Wednesday with reforms of the \$7.5-trillion mutual fund industry amid scandals that have shaken fund investors #39; confidence.
New bird species discovered in Philippines Cambridge, England, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- British and Filipino researchers have found a new bird species on a remote island in the northern Philippines, which is a relative to the familiar Moorhen.
Sun's Looking Glass Provides 3D View (PC World) PC World - Developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
Late Nigerian Dictator Looted Nearly \$500 Million, Swiss Say ERN, Switzerland, Aug. 18 - Almost all of the nearly \$500 million frozen in Swiss bank accounts connected with the late Nigerian dictator, Gen. Sani Abacha, was quot;obviously of criminal origin quot; and may be returned to the Nigerian ...
Toyota strikes satellite radio deals with rivals XM, Sirius Rivals XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio both have ventured again to the automotive industry in their latest efforts to land new subscribers, announcing separate distribution agreements Tuesday with Toyota Motor Corp.
State Dept. Cautious of Najaf Reports WASHINGTON (AP) - The Bush administration reacted cautiously Wednesday to reports that the radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr had accept a peace plan to end fighting in Najaf.
Meet the new boss, same as the old boss? When heir apparent Paul Otellini takes the reins, what will the chipmaker look like?
Rebels force Nepal firms to close One of Nepal's top hotels and a number of other companies close for business after threats from Maoist rebels.
Scientist Advocates for Embryonic Stem Cell Research By KATHARINE WEBSTER MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) -- A Nobel laureate in medicine says the Bush administration's limits on funding for embryonic stem cell research have stopped the clock on American scientists' efforts to develop treatments for a host of chronic, debilitating diseases...
Phelps Upbeat Despite End of Seven-Gold Dream ATHENS (Reuters) - The dream of emulating Mark Spitz's seven Olympic gold medals is over for Michael Phelps but the American refused to be disappointed after finishing third in the most eagerly-awaited race of the Athens Games Monday.
Watson holdout ends After an 18-day holdout during which he parted ways with his second agent (IMG's Tom Condon , who replaced Darrell Wills , formerly of IMG but now decertified) and hired a third ( Pat Dye Jr. ), first-round pick Benjamin Watson signed a six-year contract and reported to training camp yesterday.
New York City Lowering Its Sights for a Convention Boom With the Republican National Convention just two weeks away, signs are pointing to a modest economic boost for few businesses.
Briefly: Maxtor ships multimedia-friendly drive roundup Plus: Gateway says, hold on to your hard drive...Kinko's debuts Web-based print options...Majoras takes charge of FTC.
IBM center gives partners a Linux playground A new set of offerings formed with the expansion of the IBM Virtualization Center has a distinct Linux flavor, including an online quot;how to quot; guide for porting from Windows, Unix or Linux to Linux on Power5.
Parry wins butterfly bronze Stephen Parry comes a brilliant third behind Michael Phelps in the men's 200m butterfly.
Charley May Not Spike Insurance Premiums MIAMI - Hurricane Charley probably will not cause Floridians' insurance premiums to skyrocket like 1992's Andrew, and fewer insurers should go bankrupt from paying out damages expected to reach the billions of dollars, state and industry officials said Saturday. They say previous premium increases and overhauls made because of Andrew, the most expensive natural disaster in U.S...
Sportsview: Bills Get Playoff Hunger (AP) AP - Pat Williams is a big man with a big heart and appetite. So imagine his dilemma when the Buffalo Bills were back to their bumbling selves at the start of this season.
OFT invites comment on Telegraph deal The Office of Fair Trading has set the clock ticking on the process that could see the Barclay brothers #39; deal to buy the Daily Telegraph reviewed by competition watchdogs.
Australian terrorist seeks deal to testify in foreign trials SYDNEY : Australia #39;s first convicted terrorist, who confessed to conspiring with Al-Qaeda to blow up the Israeli embassy in Canberra, wants a deal in exchange for testifying against terror suspects in foreign courts.
The Boks Must Give Lame Kicks the Boot THE Springboks will need to reduce the amount of possession they give away through errant kicking sharply if they are to limit Australia #39;s lethal counterattacking power in Saturday #39;s tri-nations clash in Durban.
Program Lets People Design 3-D Objects (AP) AP - It's the Internet Revolution meets the Industrial Revolution: a new program that lets people design 3-D objects like car parts and door knobs in metal or plastic then order them online.
If the ylide carbon is substituted with an alkyl group the reagent is referred to as an unstabilized ylide . The size of the alkyl groups are the major factors in selectivity with these reagents .
Former Super Flyweight Champion Quiroga Found Dead SAN ANTONIO, Texas (Reuters) - Former International Boxing Federation (IBF) super flyweight champion Robert Quiroga was killed early Monday, police said.
Mobile Homes a Danger in Hurricane Zones, Owners Say PUNTA GORDA, Fla. (Reuters) - Rita Weston survived Hurricane Charley huddled under a mattress with her husband and mother in a mobile home she bought 35 years ago. But before the storm passed, the home was reduced to scrap wood and metal.
As money-raisers, 2004 #146;s initial offerings fall short When Inhibitex Inc. set the terms of its initial public offering in March, it thought it was being conservative, expecting shares to sell for \$10 to \$12 apiece.
Florida #39;s fiscal shape helps cushion Charley #39;s hit WASHINGTON, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Hurricane Charley may have caused up to \$15 billion in damage in Florida, but that is not seen immediately hurting the state #39;s credit picture thanks to strong finances and funds in reserve, analysts said ...
Dell's second-quarter earnings meet expectations CEO says firm saw no sales slowdown. Could results help calm waters after bad news from HP and Cisco?
Sudan army voices opposition to upgrading of African Union mission (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese army expressed opposition to the upgrading of an African Union protection mission newly arrived in the wartorn western region of Darfur into a full-blown peacekeeping force.
Giants' Nen Still Hoping to Pitch in 2005 (AP) AP - It's approaching two years since Robb Nen last pitched in the majors, but he still believes he can do it again #151; despite his troublesome right shoulder.
African Union pledges to send more troops to Darfur KIGALI,Rawanda, Aug 18, 2004 (RNA)-- The African Union has pledged to send more troops to Darfur, Sudan, to protect civilians in case militias resume attacks on them, official sources told RNA. quot;This is essential in order to give ourselves sufficient ...
Many types of ylides can be prepared with various functional groups both on the anionic carbon center and on the sulfur . The substitution pattern can influence the ease of preparation for the reagents ( typically from the sulfonium halide , e.g. trimethylsulfonium iodide ) and overall reaction rate in various ways . The general format for the reagent is shown on the right .
Compuware accuses IBM of ambush tactics in piracy suit DETROIT (AP) -- Compuware Corp. is accusing IBM of attempting to quot;sandbag quot; it with new evidence just three months before the software company #39;s piracy claim against the technology giant is to go to trial.
Kmart Posts Profit After Cost Cuts CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and discounts, boosting its cash pile to \$2.6 billion.
Defense Could Dominate in the Big Ten (AP) AP - Following a mass exodus of offensive stars and starting quarterbacks, defense could dominate the Big Ten this season.
The Guy From Green Day Says He Has Your Mother on the Cellphone Ringtones have proved to be such a lucrative side business for cellular phone companies that record labels in the United States have decided they want a piece of that revenue.
Flower Fairies of the Seasons ; Bedrick / Blackie , 1988
Playboy Article May Raise Concerns for Google By MICHAEL LIEDTKE SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Google Inc. (GOOG)'s highly anticipated IPO faced a possible stumbling block Thursday with the release of a Playboy interview that the online search engine leader's co-founders gave just before the company filed its plans raise \$3 billion with its stock offering...
US says "getting nowhere" with crisis in Darfur (AFP) AFP - The international community is "getting nowhere" with the crisis in Sudan's troubled Darfur region, the US ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, said.
U.S. Awaits Judgment on Venezuela Voting (AP) AP - There was no evident pattern of fraud in Venezuela's balloting that left President Hugo Chavez in office but a final judgment depends on what observers report, the State Department said Monday.
Stocks Climb on Drop in Consumer Prices NEW YORK - Another jump in oil prices pre-empted a rally on Wall Street Tuesday, though stocks managed to post modest gains on the strength of the latest consumer price report, which put many investors' inflation fears to rest for the near term. Stocks started the session strong after the government's Consumer Price Index registered a small drop in July, giving consumers a respite from soaring energy prices...
New York Vs. the Protesters (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - NEW YORK -- Hundreds of thousands of antiwar protesters, abortion rights supporters, labor rights activists and anarchists are preparing to unfurl banners, march through the streets and rally in the parks, loosening a cacophonous roar of protest during the Republican National Convention.
Millions Wait Hours in Venezuela to Vote in Recall Election The unprecedented vote was sluggish as huge crowds lined up at voting booths. Results were not expected until 8 p.m., or later.
Charley may cost insurers \$14bn Chicago - Insured losses from Hurricane Charley could be between \$10 billion (R66 billion) and \$14 billion, according to industry estimates released as insurers received thousands of claims from Florida.
South of Heaven is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer . Released on July 5 , 1988 , the album was the band 's second collaboration with record producer Rick Rubin , whose production skills on Slayer 's previous album Reign in Blood had helped the band 's sound evolve .
Can GameStop Be Stopped? GameStop's lack of a competitive advantage leaves investors with many questions.
There were 27 fatal accidents involving GA aircraft in 2007 , resulting in the loss of 48 lives . These compare with 16 accidents claiming a total of 19 lives the previous year , and although the 2007 statistics are higher than average , they are not exceptional .
Marine Expedition Finds New Species (AP) AP - Norwegian scientists who explored the deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean said Thursday their findings #151; including what appear to be new species of fish and squid #151; could be used to protect marine ecosystems worldwide.
US inflation falls for first time in 2004 US inflation fell by 0.1 per cent in July -- the first decline since late last year -- on a drop in gasoline prices, the US Department of Labour said yesterday in a report that suggests underlying price pressures in the world #39;s biggest ...
Explosion in Hamas Man's Home in Gaza Kills 4 GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion tore through the home of a senior Hamas leader in Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least four people and wounding him and about a dozen other Palestinians, medics said.
Kenteris, Thanou Quit Games; Thorpe Record Bid Fails (Update6) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympic medalists Kostas Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou quit the Athens Games, overshadowing the start of track and field events on the fifth day of competition. Venus Williams and Andy Roddick were eliminated from the tennis.
Olympic Games The first Olympic Games were dedicated to the Olympian gods and were staged on the ancient plains of Olympia, famous for its magnificent temples of the gods Zeus and Hera. Take the Rediff Business Quiz and find out what role the corporates play in the ...
Swisscom Confirms Possible Merger Talks Telecommunications companies Swisscom AG and Telekom Austria AG are in talks over a possible merger, Swisscom said in a statement late Tuesday.
Expense Issue Draws Mixed Views From Companies The debate over whether companies should treat stock options as an expense draws mixed reactions from Washington area businesses, some of which have a lot to lose if the accounting rule changes.
Nevada Ponders Superfund Status for Mine (AP) AP - Pressured by a ranking senator from Nevada and the Environmental Protection Agency, Gov. Kenny Guinn says he might reconsider his opposition to a federal Superfund cleanup declaration for a huge abandoned mine contaminated with toxic waste and uranium.
Alcoa closing Ohio plant, cutting 140 jobs Alcoa Inc. will close an automotive components factory in Ohio and lay off its staff in a bid to cut excess capacity, the Pittsburgh-based company said Tuesday.
Huge boost to Darfur aid effort The World Food Programme is starting to airlift almost 100 more tons of food a day to Sudan's troubled Darfur region.
Google Offering Waits for Approval Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering of stock remained on hold yesterday after the Securities and Exchange Commission delayed final approval of the company #39;s prospectus.
Columnists: Big Brother's Last Mile The FCC's new ruling on broadband wiretaps will force customers to pay for the privilege of making the Internet less secure.\
Google market debut draws near Google's market flotation draws a step closer as the firm asks regulators to approve the paperwork.
Third-Quarter Productivity Slows to 1.8 The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported Tuesday.
Wherenet adds biz rules to RFID The first indication that the value of RFID (radio frequency identification) will extend beyond the supply warehouse was shown last week by WhereNet, a provider of wireless location and communications technology.
Google Stays on Track Despite Best Efforts It looks like Google's public stock offering will proceed, no matter how hard the company tries to shoot itself in the foot. Not only that, its unique approach to the IPO game could result in an overhaul of federal securities regulations. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
BHP Billiton year to June profit seen up sharply on higher prices, demand (AFP) AFP - Australian resources firm BHP Billiton is expected to post sharply higher earnings in the year to June aided by rising commodities prices, high production levels and continued strong demand from China, analysts said.
Plan for global observation would aid in forecasting of disasters WASHINGTON - What if scientists could forecast Texas floods a full year in advance? Or predict when and how air pollution from Asia or Mexico will settle over Los Angeles or Houston? Or pinpoint the location of the next West Nile virus ...
Text Message Leads Police to Killers (AP) AP - A Belgian teenager fired off a mobile phone text message to her father that his live-in girlfriend was trying to kill her in a plea for help just before she died, authorities said.
Aziz Wins Pakistan Polls, Paving Way to Be PM (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani Finance Minister Shaukat\Aziz easily won a seat in parliament, clearing the way for him\to take over as prime minister next week, officials said on\Thursday.
No SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s plans to move ahead with its initial public stock offering ran into a roadblock when the Securities and Exchange Commission didn't approve the Internet search giant's regulatory paperwork as requested.
Google #39;s auction wrapping up NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Google #39;s long-awaited kickoff as the largest Internet IPO of all time is likely to take place as early as Wednesday after the controversial Dutch auction process wraps up after the bell.
KMart Posts Profit; Cash Hits \$2.6 Bln CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit and boosted its cash pile to \$2.6 billion as it cut spending on advertising and discounts, sending its stock up 14 percent.
Home Depot Sees 2Q Profit Jump The Home Depot Inc. reported a nearly 19 percent jump in second-quarter profit on record sales as it benefited from strong performance in stores open at least a year. It also raised its earnings outlook for the year.
Lt. Col. Dunnington continued to build up his works at Little Rock until November 1862 , when Captain Sanford C. Faulkner ( composer of The Arkansas Traveler ) was placed in charge of the Arsenal . Dunnington presumably returned to his naval duties and the Ponchartrain .
Marked men with no place to hide The Honduran government's crackdown on street gangs has been swift, severe, and apparently successful.
Our most vulnerable citizens don #39;t belong in hurricane danger zones HILTON HEAD, SC Hurricane Charley demonstrated last weekend why some of the nation #39;s most vulnerable folk - the ill, the disabled, and the frail elderly - should think twice before taking up residence in the most dangerous parts of ...
3D holograms to crack forgeries A 3D hologram technique could transform how experts spot forged signatures and other handwritten documents.
Venezuela Holds Referendum on President CARACAS, Venezuela - The opposition's long and bitter campaign to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez finally came down to a recall referendum Sunday, with the leftist leader hoping a huge turnout among the poor will keep him in power. Activists on both sides set off fireworks and blared recordings of bugle music to wake voters hours before dawn, hoping for a flood of early votes in their favor...
Customers of Telco Companies Face Privacy Breach A security advisory posted on Bugtraq demonstrates how hackers can compromise customers of T-mobile wireless and Verizon (landline) voicemail boxes. The advisory talks about the use of Caller-ID spoofing the customers number, allowing a bypass of the PIN code since the voicemail thinks that the customer is calling to check their own voicemail. According to Secure Science Corporation, there has been no response from the vendors. Comments have been posted that T-Mobile has optional PIN code protection off by default. Better turn it on.
NKorea quot;negative quot; over US offer on nuclear weapons: Australia HONG KONG : North Korea shows no sign of accepting US incentives to give up its nuclear weapons programmes, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Iraqi Troops to Take Lead in Fighting Militia Iraq will send troops to Najaf to battle a Shiite Muslim militia after peace talks collapsed between the government and Moqtada Sadr.
Nikkei Rises by Midday (Reuters) Reuters - Gains in banks and exporters helped lift\Tokyo's Nikkei average 0.84 percent by midday on Tuesday as a\fall in crude oil prices and a rebound in U.S. stocks led\buyers to pick up shares hit by the index's recent sharp\losses.
Tokyo Edge: More Video Options (PC World) PC World - Hard-drive video recorders support HDTV, while Blu-ray and HD-DVD wait in the wings. Plus: pricey headphones and cheap megapixels.
He idolized his elder brother Terry , who was considered a top NHL prospect until Terry 's career was ended when he suffered a broken neck after being hit from behind into the boards during a college game . While his brother was highly sought by American universities , John received only two scholarship offers , choosing to play for Boston University ( BU ) in 1983 .
Giants Rout Expos for Doubleheader Split (AP) AP - Barry Bonds homered for the third time in two days to help lead the San Francisco Giants to a 14-4 rout of the Montreal Expos in the second game of a doubleheader after losing the opener Wednesday.
China Typhoon Death Toll Rises to 164 (Reuters) Reuters - The worst typhoon to hit China in seven\years killed at least 164 people and another 24 were listed as\missing, Xinhua news agency said on Tuesday.
Ravens Wait for Sanders While Deion Sanders's return appears more and more imminent, the major remaining question is when the former star will join the Baltimore Ravens.
Fernandez has participated in several concert tours and televised award ceremonies . In 2013 , she performed at the Temptations Reloaded in Auckland , Perth , and Sydney alongside Shah Rukh Khan , Rani Mukerji , and Madhuri Dixit . She also performed at the live talent show " Got Talent World Stage Live " with Khan , Priyanka Chopra and Varun Dhawan the following year . In July 2014 , Fernandez opened a restaurant in Colombo , Kaema Sutra , in collaboration with chef Dharshan Munidasa , which specialises in contemporary Sri Lankan cuisine .
In 1923 , Barker sent her flower fairy paintings to various publishers . Blackie paid £ 25 for 24 paintings with accompanying verses , but it wasn 't until publication of Flower Fairies of the Summer in 1925 that Barker received royalties for her work . Mary Violet Clayton Calthrop , wife of author Dion Clayton Calthrop , wrote in April 1925 about Barker and Flower Fairies of the Spring : " She has such exquisite taste , besides draughtsmanship . "
Stocks Rise on Drop in Consumer Prices A drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term, and they sent stocks modestly higher.
Delegates Urge Al-Sadr to Leave Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks rolled into the Old City of Najaf toward a holy Shiite shrine where militants were hiding Monday as participants at a national conference voted to send a delegation here to try to negotiate an end to the fighting...
Oil Prices Hold Near \$47 on Iraq Threat LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady near \$47 a barrel on Wednesday a day after setting yet another record when the United States, the world's biggest oil consumer, said inflation had stayed in check despite rising energy costs.
Google market debut delayed Google's estimated \$3bn flotation has been delayed by at least a day as the firm awaits regulatory approval.
Air Canada Creditors Clear Carrier #39;s Bankruptcy Plan (Update2) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Air Canada creditors including a General Electric Co. unit and Deutsche Bank AG cleared a plan that gives them most of the company #39;s equity when the carrier emerges from bankruptcy protection at the end of September.
Warmer and wilder HAVEN, Wis. -- Perched high on the bluffs overlooking Lake Michigan, Whistling Straits is a massive, windswept landscape, as large a golf course as \$40 million can buy. It is complete with sand dunes that could double as ski slopes and deep bunkers that should require elevators.
Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly Sunday, killing at least two people in a grim reminder of the country's tortured path toward democracy.
Netscape Updates Browser Mozilla-based Netscape 7.2 improves printing and integrates instant messaging.
Iraqi Peace Mission in Najaf; Baghdad Blast Kills 7 NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious leaders trying to end a radical Shi'ite uprising flew into Najaf Tuesday, where U.S. troops and militia fought pitched battles near the country's holiest Islamic sites.
Thunderbird Mail goes 1.0 Mozilla #39;s Thunderbird mail client has reached the 1.0 release point. I #39;ve been using Thunderbird when ever I #39;ve found myself on a Windows box for quite a while now and finally took the plunge on my Powerbook, finally walking away from Mail.
Explosions Echo Throughout Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as delegates in Baghdad opened a conference meant to be a landmark in the country's movement toward democracy...
Google Slashes IPO Price Range (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on\Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited\initial public offering to between #36;85 and #36;95 per share from\ #36;108 to #36;135 per share.
Edwards Calls for Changes to Drug Plans (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards called for changes to prescription drug programs and praised running mate John Kerry's military and government service at an outdoor campaign rally here Saturday.
HP's Software Woe Has Bigger Industry Implication NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; warned of a profit shortfall last week, it blamed problems it had combining two SAP systems, something that the computer maker believed would be relatively simple when they were putting together a deal to buy Compaq two years ago.
Athletes Return to Olympia, Home of Games, After 1,611 Years Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympia, home of the Olympics for more than 12 centuries, will host competition for the first time in 1,611 years when the shot put competition of the Athens Games is contested at Greece #39;s most sacred sporting site.
Google faces bumpy IPO road, analysts say NEW YORK -- Google Inc. faces serious headwinds as it prepares to launch its long-anticipated initial public offering despite a lacklustre equity market and questions about the company #39;s business plan.
Hacker takes bite out of Apple's iTunes The Norwegian hacker famous for cracking DVD encryption reveals the public key for AirPort Express.
Coxless four into final Britain's rowers cruise into Saturday's final of the men's coxless four at the Olympics.
Massacre Threatens to Derail Congolese Peace Process The bodies of about 160 Congolese Tutsis killed in Burundi during the weekend were buried on Monday, but the impact of the massacre is just beginning to be felt. A former rebel group now in the transitional government in the Democratic Republic of Congo ...
Google Stock Offering Remains on Track (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s stock market debut appeared to be on track for later this week after the Internet search company asked regulators to give final approval of the paperwork required for the sale.
China #39;s Appeal to North Korea: Attend Nuclear Working Talks China has asked that North Korea attend working-level meetings ahead of the next round of six-party nuclear talks in Beijing.
Keep talking, Downer urges N Korea Australia #39;s foreign minister pressed leaders in North Korea yesterday to remain involved in six-nation talks on its nuclear program, amid concerns that the Pyongyang administration might pull out of preparatory meetings for the next round of negotiations.
AMD ships 90nm chips Sunnyvale-based computer chip maker Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., says it #39;s shipped its first low-power Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors made with its new 90 nanometer (nm) manufacturing process.
Wall Street closes higher, but record oil prices cap day #39;s gains NEW YORK : Wall Street shares closed higher on Tuesday, but record oil prices capped the day #39;s gains amid concerns over a multi-billion-dollar tax bill facing Russian oil giant Yukos.
BHP profit rises 78 on Chinese demand BHP Billiton on Wednesday reported its highest profit ever as it beefed up production to meet rising demand from China that bolstered prices for its copper, zinc, silver and lead.
Invasive Purple Weed May Meet Its Match (AP) AP - They burned it, mowed it, sprayed it and flooded it. But nothing killed the purple loosestrife weed, which has become a regional plague, until officials at the Parker River National Wildlife Refuge set a European beetle loose on it.
Stocks Gain as Oil Ease from New High NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were higher on Wednesday as investors bought beaten-down shares and oil prices eased from the new 21-year record high hit earlier in the session.
Bids Placed Despite Mixed News Umesh Patel, a 36-year old software engineer from California, debated until the last minute.
Europe 'must adapt on climate' Europe must find ways of adapting to a climate that may change drastically by mid-century, the European Environment Agency says.
Hunters are poised as some whales thrive CAP DE BON DSIR, Quebec A few miles from this spit along the pink granite coast of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, there is a sheltered cove that has witnessed the full span of the human relationship with whales. &lt;br&gt;&lt;a href="/url?ntc=04SG1 q=http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/science/0804/17whales.html"&gt;Save the whales! Then what?&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font class=f&gt;Atlanta nbsp;Journal nbsp;Constitution nbsp;(subscription)&lt;/font&gt;
AOL to Sell Cheap PCs to Minorities and Seniors NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online on Thursday said it plans to sell a low-priced PC targeting low-income and minority households who agree to sign up for a year of dialup Internet service.
Architectural Benefactor J. Irwin Miller Dies J. Irwin Miller, 95, the industrialist and philanthropist who guided Cummins Engine Co. to international prominence and helped shape his home town of Columbus, Ind., into an architectural gem, died Aug. 16 at his home in Columbus. No cause of death was ...
Witness says suspect was close to hijackers HAMBURG -- A Moroccan being retried on charges he aided the Sept. 11 plotters was part of lead hijacker Mohamed Atta's inner circle and knew of the group's arguments for turning to violence, a witness testified yesterday.
Winfrey, Jury Convict Man of Murder CHICAGO - A jury that included talk show host Oprah Winfrey convicted a man of murder Wednesday after a trial that turned into a media frenzy because of the billionaire in the jury box. Jurors deliberated for more than two hours before convicting 27-year-old Dion Coleman of first-degree murder in the February 2002 shooting death of 23-year-old Walter Holley...
Scientists Seek Better Way to Measure Rain (AP) AP - Meteorologists at North Carolina State University are working on a way to more accurately measure rainfall in small areas.
Google Stock Sale Delayed as SEC Doesn #39;t Act on IPO (Update1) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc. #39;s plan to sell shares today in an initial public offering was delayed because the US Securities and Exchange Commission didn #39;t act on the company #39;s request to approve its stock registration.
Apple Introduces Production Suite Production Suite, essential software suite for film and video that delivers real-time production tools in one comprehensive and integrated package, combines Final Cut Pro HD, Motion and DVD Studio Pro 3. Production Suite is available now for a suggested retail price of \$1,299. Aug 10
Home Depot Quarterly Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Home Depot Inc. (HD.N), the world's\largest home improvement retailer, on Tuesday said quarterly\profit rose, topping estimates, as technology upgrades and\other store improvements helped boost sales.
IBM: Do We Have a Deal? Speculation spreads that China's biggest computer maker will buy IBM's PC business. Also: Clinton attends launch of Chinese search engine powered by AI hellip;. A new DVD can play on old and new HD technology hellip;. and more.
Bilonog Edges Nelson With Last Put as Shot Returns to Olympia Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Yuriy Bilonog won the gold medal in the men #39;s shot put at Olympia, the home of the ancient Games, by virtue of his second-best effort after his last throw matched the leading mark set by US athlete Adam Nelson.
Stocks Near Flat; J J Pressures Dow NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on Tuesday, with oil prices dropping below \$42 a barrel helping to support markets, but Johnson Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; put pressure on the Dow following a report of a possible \$24 billion takeover of cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Is Upgrading to Windows XP SP2 Worthwhile? Users of Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition are scheduled to begin receiving Service Pack 2 via automatic update starting today. But delivery of the Professional Edition has been delayed at least a week while Microsoft and its users grapple ...
Berlusconi shrugs off fears of new terror threat after Sardinia bomb scare Silvio Berlusconi brushed off fears yesterday of a fresh terrorist threat in Italy, insisting he would finish his holiday in Sardinia despite a bomb scare in the seaside town where Tony Blair ended a flying visit yesterday.
Nikkei Down, Oil Worries Hit Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 1.66 percent by\midday on Monday, extending losses into a third day as another\surge in oil prices deepened worries about the global economic\impact and knocked down exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
Editor's Picks: The Best of our Web Services Coverage A guide to Computerworld's recent coverage of Web services and service-oriented architectures, including user applications, security issues and predictions.
Sudanese Hopeful of New Year Peace Deal Mohamed Yousif, Sudans minister of humanitarian affairs, dismissed widespread assertions of government involvement in a vicious militia campaign against civilians in the western region.
Digital signatures #39;could be forged #39; Encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses.
Vote now to name BSA's antipiracy weasel &lt;strong&gt;Poll&lt;/strong&gt; The Mother of all Mustelid polls
Deep-Sea Vessel Puts Ocean Floor in Reach (AP) AP - A new deep-sea research vessel will be able to carry people to 99 percent of the ocean floor, diving deeper than the famed Alvin that pioneered the study of seafloor vents, plate tectonics and deep ocean creatures over the past 40 years.
Growth, Mortality of T. Rex Gets Clearer (AP) AP - Here's a dinosaur finding that parents can appreciate: The teenage Tyrannosaurus rex typically went through an explosive growth spurt, gaining nearly 5 pounds a day.
Russian Alien Spaceship Claims Raise Eyebrows, Skepticism (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - An expedition of Russian researchers claims to have found evidence that an \ alien spaceship had something to do with a huge explosion over Siberia in 1908. \ Experts in asteroids and comets have long said the massive blast was caused \ by a space rock.
Stocks End Higher, Dow Back Above 10,000 NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks ended higher on Wednesday, as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought beaten-down shares, pushing blue chips to close above 10,000 for the first time in 3 weeks.
Microsoft Delays Automatic Win XP Updates Business users can postpone SP2 installation to complete testing its effect on other programs.
Singh Wins Playoff to Seize Third Major Title KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his career.
American Cyclist Hamilton Wins Time Trial yler Hamilton and Bobby Julich showed that there is some depth to American cycling, winning the gold and bronze medals today in the men #39;s individual time trial at the Olympics in Athens.
Parmalat sues ex-auditors Deloitte, Grant Thornton MILAN, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Parmalat sued its former auditors Deloitte amp; Touche and Grant Thornton on Wednesday, broadening a legal battle to claw back billions of euros from ex-allies the food group says helped drive it into ...
New bird spotted in Philippines A bird species new to science is found by researchers on a remote island in the Philippines.
Crazy 'Bout a Sharp Dressed K If you're going to spend a lot producing a slick annual report, go all in.
Fencing: U.S. and Swiss End Gold Drought ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan of China 15-9 in the inaugural Olympic women's sabre final on Tuesday.
Million more in broadband's reach BT is lifting distance limits on broadband enabled exchanges, so that 1m more can get high-speed net.
Google prepares to wrap up share auction (AFP) AFP - Google Inc prepared to wrap up an extraordinary share auction, meaning a final price in the multi-billion-dollar listing will be announced within days.
Mars Rover Finds Mysterious Rocks and More Signs of Water ith one Mars rover climbing into the hills and the other descending deep into a crater, scientists yesterday reported the discovery of several mysterious rock structures along with yet more signs that Mars was once awash in water.
Utah's Smith Sets Sights on Heisman Award (AP) AP - So much has changed in Alex Smith's life the past two years, he's still trying to sort through it all.
Sun-shy female commuters fuel an Asian fad Part hat, part mask, part visor, it's a new piece of bicycle headgear.
US deaths in combat near 1,000, Iraqi PM meets Putin BAGHDAD (AFP) - The number of US soldiers killed in combat in Iraq neared 1,000 after a spike in violence, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi prepared for talks in Moscow aimed at reviving business ties despite Russia #39;s opposition to the US-led war.
British charge 8 tied to terror conspiracy LONDON -- The British police yesterday charged eight men with conspiracy to murder and violations of the Terrorism Act after finding that two of them possessed surveillance information on the financial centers in Washington, New York ...
Nanotech funding to grow to \$8.6 billion Spending on research will more than double this year, with a growing amount coming from the private sector.
Wood's Suspension Upheld (Reuters) Reuters - Major League Baseball\Monday announced a decision on the appeal filed by Chicago Cubs\pitcher Kerry Wood regarding a suspension stemming from an\incident earlier this season.
Greeks leave hospital to face music Kostas Kederis and Ekaterini Thanou, the Greek sprinters who, it is alleged, deliberately evaded four drugs tests, left hospital yesterday with Kederis having been treated for scratches and Thanou with no visible injuries.
Pay Up for Growth Legg Mason's Mary Chris Gay knows when to pay for growth and when to sell a stock.
U.S. Women Break Oldest Record for Relay Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States broke swimming's oldest world record to win the women's 4x200 meter freestyle relay Olympic gold medal Wednesday.
U.S. to Give Cuba #36;50,000 Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - Cubans hit hard by hurricane Charley will receive #36;50,000 in U.S. assistance, the State Department said Friday.
Paul Hamm Wins All-Around Event After falling on the landing of his vault, Paul Hamm put on two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win Olympic gold, the first ever by a U.S. man.
Memorial Service Held for Lori Hacking OREM, Utah - Family and friends of Lori Hacking gathered Saturday for a memorial service to remember the woman whom authorities believe was slain by her husband while she slept. About 600 people attended the service, including the parents of both Lori Hacking and her husband, Mark, who has been charged with her murder...
49ers' Beasley Could Miss Several Weeks (AP) AP - Fullback Fred Beasley could be sidelined until the 49ers' season opener Sept. 12 against the Atlanta Falcons with a high left ankle sprain.
Dillard #39;s Posts Narrower Loss in 2Q Dillard #39;s Inc. reported that its loss narrowed in the second quarter to nearly half of what it was a year ago, but it was still far more than Wall Street expected as the chain was dragged down by sluggish sales.
Honey bees close museum A Worcestershire museum is forced to close for several weeks while a swarm of honey bees is removed.
Training seen as way to counter offshoring Edward Yourdon, a co-founder of the Cutter Consortium, says in an upcoming book that the threat of offshore outsourcing isn't restricted to U.S. software development jobs but to all kinds of knowledge work.
Home Depot Profit Tops Estimates on Sales ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. on Tuesday reported a 19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, handily topping estimates, as store renovations and efforts to improve service drove higher average sales in every category.
CORRECTED: Charley Shows Progress, Pitfalls in Forecasting (Reuters) Reuters - A few decades ago, the earliest warning\Floridians would have had of a hurricane would have been black\clouds on the horizon. Now people are complaining after\Hurricane Charley hit shore at a point just 60 miles off from\the track projected by meteorologists.
Poll: Voters Eyeing National Security WASHINGTON - Concern about national security is dominating public attention in the final months of the presidential campaign because of continuing fears of terrorism and unhappiness about the war in Iraq, according to a poll released Wednesday. "For the first time since the Vietnam era, national security issues are looming larger than economic issues in an election year," said Andrew Kohut, director of the Pew Research Center for the People the Press...
Solvation of charges in the betaine by counterions such as lithium with greater solvation allowing more facile rotation in the betaine intermediate , lowering the amount of reversibility .
Sharon Approves 1,000 Settlement Homes in W.Bank JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved building tenders for 1,000 homes in Jewish settlements in the West Bank frozen earlier to avoid upsetting the United States, political sources said on Tuesday.
Air Canada Stock Plunges on Review MONTREAL (Reuters) - Shares of Air Canada &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AC.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AC.TO&lt;/A&gt; fell by more than half on Wednesday, after the Toronto Stock Exchange said it was reviewing the company's stock to determine if it meets listing requirements.
Giants finish off Phillies Brett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month, and the San Francisco Giants closed in on the wild-card lead with a 3-1 victory over the Phillies yesterday in Philadelphia, completing a three-game sweep.
Ford scraps Oracle-based procurement system Auto giant Ford Motor confirmed Wednesday that it is abandoning its Oracle-powered online procurement system in favor of technologies it had used previously.
AMD Ships New Mobile Athlon 64, 90-nm Processors Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday said it has begun shipping a 3700 mobile Athlon 64 processor. The chip maker also confirmed it has started shipping processors on its 90-nanometer manufacturing process for revenue.
Mozilla To Add Support For XForms, World Yawns It's ironic that Microsoft could help further cement its dominance in the browser market by joining its largest rival in an effort to support web standards. nbsp;At the same time, that act would go a long way towards improving the web in general for developers and users alike.
United, American OK flight caps to ease airport gridlock CHICAGO : United Airlines and American Airlines have agreed to temporary flight caps at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport to ease congestion at one of the world #39;s busiest hubs, federal officials said.
US comes in second in women #39;s cycling The Dutch rider, who was injured in a crash in the women #39;s road race on Saturday and was unable to defend her Olympic title from Sydney, climbed triumphantly to the top of the podium on Wednesday.
Pakistani firms answer call for cell phones Tens of thousands of Pakistanis endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of free mobile phone connections, a sign of the pent-up demand in a country where cell phone usage has remained low.
Wednesday's preview Day five of the Games will see 21 golds on offer with Kate Howey and Pippa Funnell aiming for medals.
Rumsfeld Briefs Russia on Shift of Forces WASHINGTON - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld briefed his Russian counterpart over the weekend on U.S. plans to shift its forces stationed around the globe, in some cases potentially bringing them closer to Russia's borders...
Investors Unfazed by Last-Minute Google Moves BOSTON (Reuters) - When investors heard that Google Inc. had cut the price range for shares in its closely watched initial public offering they said they took it in stride and did not make any massive last-minute adjustments.
Time Is Now for Linux Vendors to Protect Users (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: It's time for other Linux vendors to follow Red Hat's lead and offer patent infringement protection to their customers.
Kerry Campaign Helping With Fla. Recovery (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry does not plan to visit Florida in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley because he's concerned his campaign entourage could distract from recovery efforts, he said Saturday.
UK charges 8 in terror plot linked to US alert LONDON: Britain has charged eight terrorism suspects and said one had plans which could be used in terror attacks on US financial targets in New York, New Jersey and Washington.
Production, housing rise while consumer prices decline Washington - The nation #39;s factories cranked out more products in July, miners dug more minerals and builders broke ground on more homes, the government said Tuesday in three reports that showed some rebound in economic activity last ...
Singh Wins PGA Championship in Playoff HAVEN, Wis. - Vijay Singh shot a 4-over 76 to eke into a three-way playoff Sunday, then made his only birdie of the day on the first of three extra holes to beat Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco in the PGA Championship at Whistling Straits...
Carlyle Looks Toward Commercial Aerospace (Reuters) Reuters - Private investment firm Carlyle Group,\which has a reputation for making well-timed and occasionally\controversial plays in the defense industry, has quietly placed\its bets on another part of the market.
Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc, the Web #39;s No. 1 search company.
I Am Among You As He That Serveth ; stained glass window design , St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1962
Bush Announces Plan to Realign Thousands of Troops President Bush today announced plans to shift 60,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Europe and Asia.
With this effort, they #39;re silver belles ATHENS -- How many gilded fairy tales do you want? There was the Magnificent 7 in Atlanta in 1996 and the Fantastic 5 in Anaheim last summer. Was anyone really counting on dethroning the Romanians at an ...
8/17/04 - Us Concerned About Yukos US officials have expressed concern about the fate of Yukos, the Russian oil company. Yukos shares have dropped sharply in value since the Russian government demanded it pay nearly three and a half billion dollars in back taxes. Russian authorities accuse ...
Cullen 's battle with cancer inspired Timm Harmon of the Moffitt Cancer Centre to partner with the Lightning to raise awareness and money for cancer research . The NHL itself joined the cause in the winter of 1998 , creating the Hockey Fights Cancer program to raise money for research . Cullen has spent time promoting the initiative .
Singh Snares PGA Title Vijay Singh outlasts Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco in a three-way playoff to win the PGA Championship on Sunday at Whistling Straits in Haven, Wisconsin.
2 steps back in Texas ARLINGTON, Texas -- All of a sudden, the Indians #39; prolific offense has been reduced to shambles. And, remember phenom left-hander Cliff Lee, who won 10 games before the All-Star break? He #39;s seemingly forgotten how to pitch.
Google, WebSideStory, Claria Show Negative IPO Trend Google, WebSideStory, Claria Show Negative IPO Trend\\The online advertising, search engine marketing, and web analytics markets may be booming, but for companies looking to go public, there has been a definite negative trend over the past month, with buyers not showing interest, or just waiting, during an otherwise down time ...
China Begins Manned Space Flight Countdown (AP) AP - Chinese astronauts are in the final stages of preparing for a manned space mission that will orbit the globe 14 times before returning to Earth, a state-run newspaper reported Thursday.
Guardian Angel ; Society for the Preservation of Christian Knowledge , 1923
Motorola Expects Strong Sales Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc., the world's\second-largest mobile phone maker, said on Tuesday it expects\to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004\thanks to new handsets with innovative designs and features.
Scientists given cloning go-ahead The first request by British scientists to clone human embryos has been granted by experts.
End of the line for HP #39;s Alpha Hewlett-Packard will release its final Alpha processor on Monday, the beginning of the end for a chip dynasty that never was.
Cash for emails - script kiddies use spam to make their fortunes Money the prime motivator as viruses and spam converge 63.5 of all email during the first six months of 2004 was spam Over 1.5 million phishing emails intercepted Spyware makes its first appearance in the spam attack arsenal Sydney. 17th ...
Simms Impressive in Bucs' Preseason Debut (AP) AP - Jon Gruden can understand why Tampa Bay fans are talking about Chris Simms.
Bomb Is Defused Near a Villa Where Berlusconi Met With Blair OME, Aug. 18 - The police defused a bomb early Wednesday morning in Porto Rotondo, Sardinia, the town where hours earlier Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had entertained the British prime minister, Tony Blair, and his wife, Cherie.
Cycling: Hamilton wins time trial VOULIAGMENI Tyler Hamilton of the United States won the men #39;s time trial gold medal Wednesday, beating defending champion Viatcheslav Ekimov of Russia and another American, Bobby Julich.
Employers Planned More Layoffs in Nov. Planned job cuts at US companies climbed during November, a report said on Tuesday, a further sign of sluggishness in the labor market.
Google, Set for Offering, Cuts Share Price by About a Quarter oogle today cut the estimated price range of its initial stock offering by about a quarter, to between \$85 and \$95 a share, valuing the Internet search engine company by as much as \$25.8 billion.
Americans lose second beach volleyball match ATHENS, Greece (Ticker) -- The dream of a second consecutive beach volleyball gold medal has become all but impossible for American Dain Blanton.
Mars Rover Finds Evidence of Plentiful Water quot;We have evidence that interaction with liquid water changed the composition of this rock, quot; said Steve Squyres of Cornell University, chief investigator for the science instruments on both rovers. quot;This is different from the rocks out on ...
Warring Afghan Factions Say Cease-fire Holding (Reuters) Reuters - A renegade Afghan militia commander and a\spokesman for the governor of the western province of Herat\said on Wednesday their forces were honoring a cease-fire\brokered a day earlier by the U.S. envoy to Afghanistan.
Feedster Includes Kanoodle Ads in RSS Feeds Feedster Includes Kanoodle Ads in RSS Feeds\\Feedster, Inc. today announced the launch of its RSS feed media program. The Company rsquo;s RSS search feeds will soon contain context targeted ads from Kanoodle, Inc., a leading provider of sponsored links for search results and content pages. Alternatively searchers may opt to pay ...
Oracle Releases New CRM Software (TechWeb) TechWeb - Integration of sales and marketing is key to new release.
Nelson: Shot Put Silver With one last attempt to win gold, Adam Nelson is called for his fifth consecutive foul, leaving him with a silver medal Wednesday.
Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BWS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BWS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted a 32 percent drop in quarterly earnings, hurt by slack sales from its children's unit, Bass wholesale business and Naturalizer chain.
McDonald #39;s testing deli sandwiches in Louisville, other markets McDonald #39;s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) plans to expand a test market of five types of deli-style sandwiches to Louisville and three other cities, according to reports.
Quality Gets Swept Away Quality Distribution is hammered after reporting a large loss for the second quarter.
Falconio suspect to stand trial An Australian court has ordered lorry driver Bradley John Murdoch to stand trial over the murder of British backpacker Peter Falconio, who has been missing for three years.
Dolphins Player Pleads Innocent to Assault (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins receiver David Boston pleaded innocent Tuesday to charges of assaulting a ticket agent at the Burlington International Airport in October.
Lamy Strong Candidate for WTO Job-USTR WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. trade officials said on Tuesday that former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy would be a "strong candidate" to lead the World Trade Organization, but stopped short of formally endorsing him.
UK Terrorist Suspects Have Case Sent to Old Bailey (Update2) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- The case against eight men charged with conspiracy to commit murder and carry out terrorist attacks was referred to the Old Bailey, London #39;s central criminal court.
XM, Sirius Land Deals With Toyota Rivals XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. and Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. on Tuesday traded hits in the intensifying race for new subscribers, separately announcing distribution deals with Toyota Motor Corp.
A New Epiphany ; Society for the Preservation of Christian Knowledge , 1919
Sharp brings 3D to PCs, without the funny specs Firm brings tech already used in phones and laptops to desktops. Screen creates different pixel images for each eye.
Greek Sprinters Withdraw from Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympic 200 meters champion Costas Kenteris, the focus of an Olympic doping scandal, withdrew from the Athens Games on Wednesday "out of a sense of responsibility."
Summit declares Burundi Hutu FNL rebels #39;terrorists #39; DAR ES SALAAM - African leaders on Wednesday declared quot;a terrorist organisation quot; the rebels who claimed the slaughter of at least 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees in Burundi, but failed to impose sanctions on their group.
South Africa Ends Phelps' Gold Medal Quest ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's dream of winning a record eight gold medals in a dramatic and controversial day of swimming at the Athens Olympics on Sunday.
NetRatings survey shows broadband users now a majority in U.S. There were an estimated 63 million broadband users, or 51 of all home Internet users, last month compared with 61.3 million dial-up users, 49 of the total, according to a survey by NetRatings Inc.
Cleric dies in Pakistan custody An Islamic cleric arrested in Pakistan for suspected al-Qaeda links dies in custody, officials say.
Jury Rejects Thomas Family's GM Claims (AP) AP - The family of former Kansas City Chiefs star Derrick Thomas is not entitled to any money from General Motors Corp. for the Jan. 2000 crash that killed the nine-time Pro Bowl linebacker, a jury ruled Tuesday.
American Allies Embrace U.S. Military Plan (AP) AP - American allies Japan and Australia embraced a new U.S. plan to restructure its forces abroad, while Russia said it was not concerned by the proposal. But Germany, home to 70,000 U.S. soldiers, said any withdrawal from the former Cold War frontier may hurt its economy.
Revealing Hospital Gowns Redesigned PORTLAND, Maine - Whether its blue or spotted or stripped, the standard issue hospital gown is drafty and revealing. It's embarrassing for just about anyone who's spent a night in a medical center...
Flash floods force huge rescue bid LONDON: Rescue workers combed an English coastal village in north Cornwall yesterday for people missing after a flash flood caused by torrential rain hit Britain #39;s southwestern Atlantic coast.
Soldering Surprise There's nothing routine about working in space, as astronaut Mike Fincke found out recently when he did some soldering onboard the International Space Station.
Najaf battle a crucial test for Allawi Clashes between US troops and Sadr militiamen escalated Thursday, as the US surrounded Najaf for possible siege.
Geogia woman wins medal in fencing ATHENS - The United States won its first fencing medals in 20 years Tuesday, a bronze by an Atlanta-area competitor and a gold by Mariel Zagunis in the saber competition.
Burundi police fire tear gas at massacre protest BUJUMBURA, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Police in Burundi #39;s capital Bujumbura fired tear gas at crowds on Wednesday, protesting against the massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsis at a United Nations refugee camp in the west of the country.
Janus Finalizes Regulatory Settlement (AP) AP - Janus Capital Group Inc. said Wednesday it has finalized a #36;226.2 million settlement with state and federal regulators over improper trading allegations, part of a scandal sweeping the #36;7 trillion mutual funds industry.
Dot-Coms Anxious to Get Back in IPO Game The successful bidders for Google shares won't be the only ones watching eagerly to see how much the IPO excites the stock market. Dozens of dot-com companies are hoping that Google's initial public offering marks a reawakening of all things Internet. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
NVidia to power Sony #39;s Playstation 3 Sony and nVidia are to co-develop a graphics engine to power graphics cards and entertainment consoles. The chip will be used in nVidia #39;s GeForce cards which will power forthcoming consumer devices from Sony
Rover discovers clues of water on Mars surface After months of crossing a vast Martian crater floor and zigzagging up low-slung hills, NASA #39;s Spirit rover has spotted its first hint that water once coursed across the now-desert-like region, scientists said Wednesday.
Sharon loses crucial party vote Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, suffered a massive blow to his project to withdraw from settlements in the Gaza Strip last night when his party refused to allow him to invite new partners into the government who might have backed his plans.
MLB: Texas 16, Cleveland 4 Arlington, TX, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- Mark Teixeira had seven RBI Tuesday to help Scott Erickson earn his first win in over two years as Texas Rangers pounded the Cleveland Indians, 16-4.
Els targets improved putting after Whistling Straits woes LONDON, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Ernie Els has set his sights on an improved putting display at this week #39;s WGC-NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio after the disappointment of tying for fourth at the US PGA Championship on Sunday.
WWiSE group proposes 540 Mbps Wi-Fi A consortium of companies is pushing a new proposal to the IEEE for 802.11n. 135 Mbps in standard mode, 540 Mbps maximum throughput. Fast enough? ...
Complaints follow Haiti acquittal The US and rights groups condemn the acquittal in Haiti of an ex-paramilitary leader accused of murder.
Estee Lauder Quarterly Profit Climbs CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cosmetics manufacturer Estee Lauder Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a bigger quarterly profit, bolstered by sales in Europe and an improving U.S. retail market.
Insurers face massive storm bill Insurers are counting the cost of Hurricane Charley in Florida, with early damage estimates reaching as high as \$14bn (7.6; 11bn euros).
Western leaders waiting for African solutions to African wars JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, Aug 19, 2004 (AP) -- As the month-end deadline nears for Sudan to disarm the Janjaweed militias in Darfur, the United Nations and Western powers debate how far to go to stop the killing ...
Karzai Promises Afghans Security for Election KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai promised Afghans greater security when they go to vote in the country's first ever democratic election during an independence day speech on Wednesday.
Offense Needs Work There were few offensive highlights during Virginia Tech's first scrimmage of fall practice on Saturday.
Americans Smash Last East German Swim World Record ATHENS (Reuters) - The last long-course world swimming record held by now discredited Communist East Germany was finally consigned to history by an American quartet at the Olympics on Wednesday.
Sharon's Party Bars Bid for Coalition on Gaza Plan TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud party voted on Wednesday to bar him from forming a coalition with the Labour opposition, an embarrassing blow that complicates his plan to withdraw from occupied Gaza.
Zrínyi was built at the Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino dockyard in Trieste , the same place where her sister ships were built earlier . She was laid down on 15 November 1908 and launched from the slipway on 12 April 1910 . The teak used on Zrínyi 's deck was the only material Austria @-@ Hungary had to purchase abroad to build the ship . The ship was completed by 15 July 1911 , and on 22 November 1911 she was commissioned into the fleet . She was the last ship of the class to be completed and had a crew of 880 to 890 officers and men .
Expedition to Probe Gulf of Mexico (AP) AP - Scientists will use advanced technology never before deployed beneath the sea as they try to discover new creatures, behaviors and phenomena in a 10-day expedition to the Gulf of Mexico's deepest reaches.
Ward, Pujols, Jones Put Up Big Numbers (AP) AP - Daryle Ward, Albert Pujols and Chipper Jones had big nights at the plate at the expense of National League pitchers.
Iraqi Delegates Say Sadr Agrees to End Najaf Crisis BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said Wednesday that radical Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had agreed to government demands to end an uprising in the holy city of Najaf.
Britain Charges 8 Terrorist Suspects LONDON - British police charged eight terrorist suspects Tuesday of conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or explosives to cause "fear or injury" in a case involving an alleged top al-Qaida operative at the center of a U.S. terror alert this month...
Teixeira hits for the cycle ARLINGTON, Texas Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history and first in more than 19 years to hit for the cycle, leading Texas to a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night.
Synovis shares tumble as profit, revenue fall CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Shares of Synovis Life Technologies Inc.(SYNO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled 13 percent on Wednesday after the company reported a drop in quarterly net income and withdrew its annual and fourth-quarter outlook, citing ...
Plenty of Room at the Inns of Athens Description: In the weeks leading up to the Olympic games in Athens, hotels were expecting huge crowds to flood the city. Lagging ticket sales at Olympic venues seem to have trickled into the hotel business as well, as crowds have failed to show up as ...
A Digital Doctor Treats Computer Contamination Unfortunately for users, computer equipment manufacturers and resellers don't adequately inform Windows users of the risks involved in accessing the Internet without proper security measures.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Olympics-Rowing-U.S. Eight Beats Canada to Set World Best Time ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat Canada in a world best time to qualify for the final of the men's Olympic eights race Sunday, as the two crews renewed their fierce rivalry in front of a raucous crowd at Schinias.
Oil tops \$47 a barrel Crude oil prices reached a record high of \$47.04 (US) a barrel in pre-market trading Wednesday in New York on lingering concerns about supply from Iraq and Russia.
Florida Residents Face Hurricane Wreckage PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - After getting a first look at the widespread damage left behind by Hurricane Charley, Florida residents were faced with the arduous task of sorting through the wreckage, and for some, starting over again...
Microsoft Updates Its IBM Connectivity Server On Tuesday, Microsoft unveiled the 2004 version of its Host Integration Server (HIS) product, which is designed to integrate IBM mainframes and servers with Windows systems.
U.S. Troops Training for Iraq in Israel -Paper JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. troops from Iraq are being trained by the Israeli army in urban and guerrilla warfare tactics at a military base in Israel, a local newspaper said on Wednesday.
Web Surfers Hit Higher Speeds The majority of Internet users in the U.S. have ditched dial-up, survey says.
Japan nuclear firm shuts plants The company running the Japanese nuclear plant hit by a fatal accident is to close its reactors for safety checks.
US marines in tense Najaf standoff NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - US marines and a radical Iraqi cleric are locked in a tense standoff after the firebrand leader refused to leave a holy shrine in Najaf despite earlier agreeing to disarm his militia and withdraw.
Celtics Still Waiting to Hear From Payton (AP) AP - Ten days after trading for Gary Payton, the Boston Celtics still have no idea if the nine-time All-Star will ever wear a Celtics' uniform.
Pakistan still supporting Kashmiri rebels: Indian Home Ministry (AFP) AFP - Pakistan continues to support Islamic insurgency in Kashmir and will use militant attacks to influence ongoing peace talks with rival India, India's Home Ministry said in its annual report.
Uncertainty as Venezuela Awaits Referendum Result CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Three Venezuelan government ministers said on Monday President Hugo Chavez had easily survived a referendum on whether to recall him but their comments conflicted with heavy opposition hints they had won.
UPDATE 1-Citigroup fined over risky fund recommendations The brokerage watchdog NASD on Tuesday censured Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) and fined the financial services company \$275,000 for violating rules regarding sales of risky investments.
BEA meets lowered expectations for Q2 Though BEA Systems signed 18 licensing deals worth \$1 million and added 488 new customers during the quarter, licensing revenue dropped to \$116.3 million.
Hewitt in sharp form in Washington WASHINGTON -- Lleyton Hewitt launched his ATP Washington Classic campaign with a 6-1 6-2 first round win over Kenneth Carlsen of Denmark.
Credit Suisse to merge CSFB Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, plans to combine its Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB) securities unit with its banking business in the next two years to boost earnings.
In 1864 , after Little Rock fell to the Union Army and the arsenal had been recaptured , General Fredrick Steele marched 8 @,@ 500 troops from the arsenal beginning the Camden Expedition .
BioVeris Still May Lose Its Investment BioVeris Corp. stands to lose most or all of its \$41.2 million investment in a joint venture with its chief executive's son if he doesn't raise money to keep it operating, the company said yesterday in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
If the ylide carbon is substituted with an electron @-@ withdrawing group ( EWG ) , the reagent is referred to as a stabilized ylide . These , similarly to sulfoxonium reagents , react much slower and are typically easier to prepare . These are limited in their usefulness as the reaction can become prohibitively sluggish : examples involving amides are widespread , with many fewer involving esters and virtually no examples involving other EWG 's . For these , the related Darzens reaction is typically more appropriate .
At the same time , his mother Loretta was diagnosed with skin cancer . Following her death early in his freshman year , Cullen contemplated returning to his Ontario home , but was convinced by his father to continue with both school and hockey . He used the game to cope with the loss and dedicated every game he played to his mother 's memory . Cullen felt that the inspiration he drew from his mother 's battle allowed him to become a better player .
Arafat Admits Mistakes, Slow on Palestinian Reform RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat made a rare admission of mistakes on Wednesday and urged reforms to end corruption after an unprecedented wave of turmoil.
Analysis: Venezuela off oil market #39;s front burner LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- Oil futures reached a record high Tuesday as the market fretted over simmering potential pitfalls other than last weekend #39;s vote in Venezuela that kept controversial strongman Hugo Chavez in the presidency.
Berkshire Takes Stake in Pier 1 Fellow Fool Alyce Lomax and I need to debate Pier 1 Imports (NYSE: PIR). Between Alyce covering the company warnings and me advising not to jump off the pier, there has been little good news to report. Is Pier 1 ready to get ...
NASA's Genesis Spacecraft Adjusts Course (AP) AP - NASA's Genesis spacecraft successfully adjusted its course this week as it heads back toward Earth with a sample of solar wind particles, the space agency said Wednesday.
Security Firms Bulk Up (PC World) PC World - CA buys antispyware vendor PestPatrol while McAfee snaps up Foundstone.
Intel Delays LCOS chips for HDTV LCOS technology sandwiches a layer of liquid crystal between a cover glass and a highly reflective, mirror-like surface patterned with pixels that sits on top of a silicon chip. These layers form a microdisplay that can be used in projection displays such ...
Williamson Gets Third Opinion on Elbow (AP) AP - Red Sox reliever Scott Williamson sought a third opinion on his ailing right elbow Tuesday before deciding whether to have major reconstructive surgery.
Stocks Higher on Oil Price Relief NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Monday, getting a boost from lower oil prices after news the Venezuelan president survived a recall eased fears about the country's oil exports.
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move that drew a cautious response on Tuesday from ...
British Cave Yields Elaborate Ice-Age Art A detailed survey of ancient cave carvings at a site first discovered last year in Nottinghamshire, England, reveals the etchings may be some of most elaborate Ice Age art ever found.
NASA Chief: 'Let's Go Save the Hubble' (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Amid uncertainty over the fate of the Hubble Space Telescope and with a key instrument not working, NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe gave the go-ahead Monday for planning a robotic servicing mission.
Hamm Wins All-Around Gymnastics Title (AP) AP - With his medal hopes all but gone after he hit the judges' table on his vault landing, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win the men's all-around gymnastics title by the closest Olympics margin ever.
Nestle Reports First Half Net Profit Nestle, the world #39;s biggest food and drink company, on Wednesday posted a first-half net profit of \$2.28 billion, up 0.02 percent on the year-earlier figure of \$2.03 billion.
TJX Cos. Earnings Fall 4 Percent TJX Cos. Inc. #39;s second-quarter earnings fell 4 percent, reflecting higher markdowns on merchandise due to softer sales trends.
Just Keep It Peaceful, Protesters; New York Is Offering Discounts In a bid to keep protesters from disrupting the Republican National Convention, the Bloomberg administration is offering "peaceful political activists" discounts.
The Egyptians also devised false etymologies giving more meanings to divine names . A passage in the Coffin Texts renders the name of the funerary god Sokar as sk r , meaning " cleaning of the mouth " , to link his name with his role in the Opening of the Mouth ritual , while one in the Pyramid Texts says the name is based on words shouted by Osiris , connecting Sokar with the most important funerary deity .
Cleric Who Died in Pakistan Custody 'Tortured' ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - An Afghan Islamic cleric who died in custody in Pakistan on Wednesday had signs of torture on his body, an intelligence official said.
Britain Grants Human Cloning License (AP) AP - Britain granted its first license for human cloning Wednesday, joining South Korea on the leading edge of stem cell research, which is restricted by the Bush administration and which many scientists believe may lead to new treatments for a range of diseases.
It can #39;t fly and sounds like a trumpet, but new bird delights ornithologists The mystery bird was certainly distinctive: dark brown, red bill, red legs, call like a trumpet, pretty hopeless at flying. You couldn #39;t miss it if you knew it was there.
Rwanda Troops Start AU Mission in Darfur EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Rwandan troops arrived in Darfur Sunday as the first foreign force there, mandated to protect observers monitoring a shaky cease-fire between the Sudanese government and rebels in the remote western region.
VARSITY MATCH Oxford regained the MMC Trophy with a hard-fought 18-11 win over Cambridge in the Varsity match at Twickenham. Jon Fennell kicked Oxford into an early lead, but a well-worked try from Fergie Gladstone saw Cambridge hit back.
How Redmond Won Newham Microsoft chalked up a couple of government contract wins in the UK this week. But while Redmond touts total cost of ownership studies (TCO), an open source consultant says the numbers don #39;t add up.
Phish farewell attracts thousands "Jam band" Phish play their last gigs together at a special festival in the US which has attracted thousands of fans.
Air Canada Stock Plunges on Review (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Air Canada (AC.TO) fell by\more than half on Wednesday, after the Toronto Stock Exchange\said it was reviewing the company's stock to determine if it\meets listing requirements.
Springboks targets scrum THE South Africans have called the Wallabies scrum cheats as a fresh round of verbal warfare opened in the Republic last night.
Torri finally out of Olympic Games ATHENS - US sprinter Torri Edwards was knocked out of the Olym- pics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug suspension, rejecting arguments she took banned stimulants by accident.
Expedition to Peru Finds Five New Sites (AP) AP - An American-led expedition discovered five new districts in what its leader described as an ancient jungle metropolis on the slopes of the Peruvian Andes.
Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority has made "mistakes," but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes. In a decade at the helm of the Palestinian Authority, Arafat has resisted attempts to get him to fight official corruption, reform the security services and relinquish some of his near-absolute powers...
Bush speaks of 'Soviet dinar' in speech about Iraq (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush spoke of "the Soviet dinar," even though dinars are the Iraqi currency.
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / Ueno wins Japan #39;s 5th judo gold Masae Ueno will certainly have a tale to tell when she gets back to her Tokyo office. Ueno joined the parade of Japanese Olympic judo champions, winning the women #39;s 70-kilogram gold medal Wednesday.
Letters Target the abusers of legal weapons We can all share the outrage, expressed by columnist Steve Bailey (''Summer Sizzler, quot; Aug. 11), at the killings in the city's poor neighborhoods. But there's no need to share his ignorance. He argues for renewal of the so-called assault weapon ban, claiming that otherwise, ''UZIs and AK-47s could again be flooding the streets. quot; His ...
BHP Billiton 2nd-Half Net Doubles on Commodity Prices (Update3) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest mining company, more than doubled second-half profit as Chinese demand boosted commodity prices and said it may return as much as \$2 billion to investors, including through share buybacks.
Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google (Reuters) Reuters - Time is running out for prospective\investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc.\(GOOG.O), the Web's No. 1 search company.
Yahoo to Sell Domain Names (AP) AP - Yahoo Inc. plans to start selling Internet domain names Tuesday as part of its expanding services for small businesses.
Court to Consider Yukos' Plea on Tax Bill (AP) AP - A Russian court on Tuesday was to consider the beleaguered Yukos oil company's appeal to suspend government efforts to collect #36;3.4 billion in back taxes #151; a massive bill that has put Russia's largest oil producer on the verge of ruin.
IBM adds midrange server to eServer lineup AUGUST 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today launched a new one-to-four-way midrange Power5 server that features higher performance and several configurations to meet a wide range of user needs.
Google Cuts Its IPO Price Range SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a sign that Google Inc.'s initial public offering will not be as hot or big as expected, the Internet search giant slashed its estimated per-share price range and reduced the number of shares to be sold by insiders...
Wal-Mart offers sub-\$600 notebook The retailer trots out a bargain portable PC that packs Wi-Fi. Is it getting ready for a laptop push for the holidays?
Apple G5 chips #39;in short supply #39; Apple may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in sourcing chips to power its high-end personal computers.
England reach for the painkillers as World Cup qualifiers loom (AFP) AFP - England's marketing men must have been tempted to approach the manufacturers of Alka Seltzer, the country's favourite hangover remedy, about sponsoring the international friendly with the Ukraine.
Futures point lower US stock futures pointed to a weaker start Wednesday as rising oil prices and a major price cut for Google Inc. #39;s highly anticipated initial public offering raised investors #39; eyebrows.
New bird species found in Philippines The bird, dubbed the quot;Calayan Rail quot;, is the size of a small crow and has dark brown plumage and bright orange-red legs and beak, said Carl Oliveros, who helped lead the expedition that found it.
Air Canada gets lease on life Creditors approve plan, get 10 cents on the dollar and allow airline to emerge from bankruptcy. MONTREAL (Reuters) - Air Canada creditors approved a recapitalization plan Tuesday that will allow the world #39;s 11th largest airline to emerge from bankruptcy ...
